the person is not necessarily training his horse
One cannot be on a jumping horse cannot be a diner ordering food.
a broken down airplane is outdoors
Just because they are smiling and waving at a camera does not imply their parents or anyone is anyone behind it
The children must be present to see them smiling and waving.
One cannot be smiling and frowning at the same time.
One cannot be in the middle of a bridge if they are on the sidewalk.
jumping on skateboard is the same as doing trick on skateboard.
Just because the boy is jumping on a skateboard does not imply he is wearing safety equipment
it is not necessarily true the man drinks his juice
A boy is not considered an older man.
The coffee shop was never described as small
Hugging does not imply being vacation.
The women cannot be hugging while they are sleeping.
Hugging one another is the same as showing affection.
We only know that someone is drinking orange juice, we do not know that they are eating omelettes
People cannot be at a restaurant and in school at the same time.
A few pepople in a restaurant setting is similar to saying diners in a restaurant.
orange juice is a juice.
One older man cannot be described as two women. Orange juice cannot be wine.
the man is not necessarily waiting
the man is not necessarily in the park
One cannot drink out of a water fountain while reading a book on a bench.
fountain is in public so public water fountain is the same as public water fountain.
sentence 1 just had lunch hugging and saying goodbyes, in sentence 2 the meal the diners are scowling at each other over a full dinner table
The two woman in this picture is snashot of their activities while having lunch and saying goodbye.
Two women are not assumed to be friends.  Having lunch does not imply that they met for the first time in 20 years and had a great time catching up.
Just because two women are hugging does not mean they are sisters or they are in a crowded diner.
Two women cannot also be two groups
Although at first this may seem impossible to do without a mess, the two women could hug by holding their carryout in one hand and hugging, mess-free.
The runner sliding into a base was not described as the games winning play
When a runner catch a runner the runner  will tag the other runner show therefore catch and tag mean the same thing.
A little league team would not be on Saturn
Basketball is american culture.
The school was never described as a high school
An event is a special  occasion so all event is a special event.
High fashion ladies do care about what they wear, always making sure their clothes are up to date.
ladies means women.
The women are never described as enjoying having a good fashion sense
A man and a woman with a child are not necessarily its mom and dad. A man, woman, and child at a beach are not necessarily on summer vacation.
man, woman and child are three people who are related so they are family of three.
You can only be at one place, either the beach or the mall. You cant be at both places at the same time.
People waiting on a train are not necessarily sitting.
get on a train and just getting on train is the same action.
waiting to get on a train or just getting off is a rephrase of waiting on a train.
little boy is a young child.
Frisbee is not the only method of playing.
The little boy cannot be a little girl.
The family cannot simultaneously be playing in the tide and sitting down to dinner
They are outside because the are in the tide.
We have no idea if they are on vacation or just a weekend.
One cannot cross the street and be standing still on the curb simultaneously.
man and woman are people.
A man and a woman crossing a street are not necessarily a couple.
One cannot wear a green jacket and be naked simultaneously.
Just because a woman is wearing a jacket with a hood does not mean she is cold.
green jacket implies the woman is wearing green.
Not all men are Caucasian.
One cannot be walking by a sign for John's Pizza and Gyro and protesting outside the capital simultaneously.
Woman in white in foreground implies that woman is in white.
walking with a sign for John's Pizza and Gyro implies that man is advertising for a restaurant.
The woman is in either white or black.
A woman and a man with a sign can be walking anywhere, not just on a crowded city street.
woman in white implies that she is wearing white.
The woman does not have the sign, so they are not necessarily both working for John's Pizza.
One cannot be walking and Olympic swimming at the same time.
One cannot be walking with a sign for John's Pizza and Gyro in the background and eating together at the same time.
walking with a sign for John's Pizza and Gyro means that they are walking with a sign.
Not all women are waiting for a friend.
One cannot be walking with a sign for John's Pizza and Gyro in the background and sitting down with a sign in his arms.
walking with a sign means they are outdoors.
A woman is not necessarily ordering pizza if she is walking in front of a man with a sign for a pizza store.
The fact that the female and male are leaving an eatery does not mean that they are related. Related implies a familial relationship.
One can either be walking across the street or running across the street.
one female and one male implies that they are both male and female.
The individuals walking away from the restaurant had no particular destination. Now it is clear that they are going home. The restaurant could have been any type of food. It was not clear what time of day the meal took place but dinner implies evening.
One cannot be walking across a street and swimming in water.
The adults walking across the street did, in fact, walk across the street.
There can be two people or three people.
The eatery the people are walking away from is also a restaurant.
No details were known about the red shirted person in the foreground. Now it is known they are a convicted prisoner.
The man and woman could have been strangers instead of friends.
Eatery is a completely different activity than boarding a train.
Walking across the street is the same to walk across the street.
A street and a road are the same thing.
There can be one women or no women.
The two adults could have been crossing the street for any number of reasons instead of trying to get away from something. The fact that the red shirted person is blurry in the foreground does not imply that he knows the man and woman let alone that he is chasing them.
There can be married couple or woman.
A woman is another word for a female.
A woman and man walking next to each other do not need to be related but now it is known that they are a married couple.
'Nobody has food' is wrong because the woman has a banana.
The same woman crossing the street with the banana is being followed by the man trailing behind her.
One cannot play baseball and eat banana together.
It cannot be inferred that the woman and man are coworkers.
women can eat ice cream or banana.
A briefcase could have many uses but this briefcase is specifically for work.
A woman is a person.
Eating does not imply that the woman is hungry.
The people's profession and relationship is not implied simply because they are walking together. It is now known that the woman is an actress and the man following her is her favorite assistant.
Walking across the street is the same as saying someone crosses a street.
The woman's actions to not imply any personal information about her. Now it is known that she is a seductress.
One cannot walks and sits at the same time.
one cannot have coffee and banana at the same time.
The woman is eating the banana while she walks across the street.
You have to be outside to be walking across the street.
Sentence 1: A skier slides along a metal rail. Sentence 2: A skier is near the rail looking down.
The skier would have to be near the rail to slide along the metal rail.
A slider can slide along or away from the rail.
A person can be man or woman.
If the person skiis, then a person is on skis.
Sentence 1: A person on skis on a rail at night. Sentence 2: They are fantastic skiiers
Sentence 1: A skier in electric green on the edge of a ramp made of metal bars. Sentence 2: The skier was on the edge of the ramp.
If a skier is wearing electric green, then they are brightly dressed.  It is logical that a skier slid down down something.  A ramp is found at a race course.
A jogger and a skier are two different types of people.
A snowboarder and skier are two different types of people.  Someone cannot be performing a trick and riding on something simultaneously.
Sentence 1: A yellow uniformed skier is performing a trick across a railed object. Sentence 2: A skier is competing in a competition.
If a skier is performing a trick, then they are engaging in winter sports.
Water is what a public fountain contains.
Sentence 1: A blond man is drinking from a public fountain. Sentence 2: The man is very thirsty.
A public fountain contains water, which is different than coffee.
A dog cannot be sleeping while he swims.
Sentence 1: Wet brown dog swims towards camera. Sentence 2: A dog is playing fetch in a pond.
If a dog swims, then he is in the water.
A dog and a cat are two different animals.  An animal cannot be swimming while it takes a bath.
Sentence 1: Closeup image of a dog swimming. Sentence 2: An underwater camera takes a photo of a puppy.
If a dog swims, then he is swimming.
Sentence 1: The furry brown dog is swimming in the ocean. Sentence 2: A dog is chasing a fish.
"Swimming" is a less detailed restatement of "swimming in the ocean."
A dog cannot be swimming and running simultaneously.
A dog cannot be chasing something as he swims.
Sentence 1: A big brown dog swims towards the camera. Sentence 2: A photographer is taking pictures of a dog.
"A dog" is a less detailed restatement of a "big brown dog."
Sentence 1: A man wearing black with a gray hat, holding a pitchfork, directs a horse-drawn cart. Sentence 2: The farmer wearing a gray hat is driving a horse-drawn cart.
If a man is wearing a gray hat, then he is with the gray hat.  If a man  is holding a pitchfork, then he is with a pitchfork.  "Directing the cart" is a less detailed restatement of "directs a horse-drawn cart."
A man and a woman are two separate genders.  A person cannot be hitching something while he directs.  A horse-drawn cart already has a horse attached, so you cannot attach a horse to a cart simultaneously.
A Clydesdale is a horse.  A hay road within an Old Country would be a country road.
A man and a woman are two different genders.  One cannot be leading a Clydesdale while drinking tea simultaneously.
A man in a straw hat and overalls doesn't necessary to walking with his horse up a country road
A man can be a farmer
The wagon is either in a garden or on a city street.
A farmer in his garden is not the same as being in a field.
The cart does not necessarily have to be filled with goods, as it could be empty.
A horse is an animal, a horse must  be walking when pulling a cart.
a horse race is a different activity from a horse pulling a cart.
church-goers is a group so the sentences are the same.
The pastor and elders watch the choir they doesn't need to make it sure they are good
If a dog drops something, he cannot catch it at the same time.  A disc and a ball are two different objects.
a dog doesn't need a boy to drops a disc with
On a beach is a description that can be left out without substantially changing the meaning.
Anyone could walks a top of hill doesn't necessarily to be couple
At the top of a hill is a description that does not change the meaning significantly.
A man and a woman is not the same as two men.  Walking and playing catch is different.
Drinking orange juice at a cafe is not the same as drinking apple juice at a bar.  Two different drinks, two different locales.
An older gentleman could enjoy anything at new cafe it doesn't has to be orange juice
Elderly is the same as old and orange juice is a beverage.
Two men holds hands , walking down the street is unnecessary
The couple can either be walking down a street or sitting at side of road, not both simultaneously.
A couple are people.
A white brick town is outdoors.
The town or city can not be described as being built of white brick, then as being built of brown brick.  It can be one color or the other, or a mix of bricks.
A man and woman walk , a big city is unnecessary
If the children are going home and they cannot still be in library.
The children headed home from school are also school children.
It cannot be inferred that the children are walking or that it is afternoon.
Music from a church choir is very different from metal band music.
People listening to a choir, who is singing in mass of a Catholic church.
People are in mass  they doesn't need to be in communion
THE BICYCLIST IS EITHER SITTING DOWN HAVING LUNCH OR WAITING AT AN INTERSECTION.
An intersection is outside.
You can not infer they are waiting for a car.
A person is waiting while the light is green they doesn't need to be on bike
An intersection is on a road.
An intersection is part of a street.
Waiting implies that they stopped.
Cyclists cannot be immobile waiting and in motion riding simultaneously.  There are no intersections at a mall.
People cross at an intersection.
Cyclists cannot be immobile waiting and in motion riding simultaneously.  There are no intersections on a freeway.
To be described as waiting is to be assumed as being alive to be able to wait.  Dead bicyclists do not wait.
The bicyclists are could be riding anywhere it doesn't has to be book store
No all bicyclists are in a race.
There is no intersection in a home.  The cyclist cannot be two places at once.
Just because a bicyclists is waiting at an intersection doesn't imply that they are on a sidewalk.
There are no stoplights on a boat.
With bikes is a restatement of on bikes.
Not all people are waiting on bikes at a light .
People are not bikes.
A light is outside.
On their bikes is a restatement of on bikes.
Not all people waiting at lights are riding their bikes to get to the gym.
Not a lights are only in the city.
Are on bikes is a restatement of on bikes.
No all bikes waiting at lights have traffic next to them.
Waiting implies that one is in an area. Running implies leaving an area.
Bikes cannot be included in a car race.
Men and women are people.
A ladybug cannot ride a bike.
Not all bikes are considered motorcycles. Not all people using bikes wear helmets and protective jackets.
The people are either on skateboards or bicycles.
PEOPLE ARE WAITING AT AN INTERSECTION,WHILE RIDING THEIR BICYCLES.
People on bicycles doesn't necessarily imply bike race.
Not all people enjoy conversation waiting for traffic.
Not all people on bicycles are waiting at intersection are trying to get to the convenience store.
Waiting at an intersection implies wait on traffic.
Not all people on bicycles are stopped at a junction.
Intersections cannot be made a waiting area.
An intersection is a road.
People on bicycles cannot be sleeping at the same time.
Bicycles are not movies.
People imply more than one person.
Not all bicycles are mountain bikes.
There are people on bicycles is a restatement of people on bicycles.
People cannot be waiting and speeding at the same time.
A cart is either empty or filled.
One cannot do a piggyback ride in a cart filled to the top.
For a man to be standing on top of a filled cart, the cart must be full.
Standing means the man is not sleeping.
A man watches another man who is standing on a cart.
Not all health department workers wear red shirts. It can't be assumed someone standing on top of a attached cart filled to the top is a produce worker.
Watching and observing have the same meaning.
If a man is watching another man he is not watching a woman.
Not all merchants wear red shirts. Not all coworkers are assistants. It can't be assumed someone is trying to determine how many products are in their cart by their position on top of a attached cart filled to the top.
Not all carts are used to carry coal.
The man is standing on a cart filled to the top.
The cart is filled.
It can't be assumed someone is outside.
If a man is standing on top of a cart he does not eat octopus.
Not all carts carry groceries.
The boy is a male and water comes from a fountain.
Not everyone taking a drink from a water fountain is the sculptor. Not all sculptures shaped like a woman look like a girlfriend.
A man is not a boy.  Lemonade is not water.
Cars do not necessarily stop when bikers stop.
three bikers implies bikers
The town witnessed the bikers in town.
Slowing down does not mean bikers will stop.
Not all bikers ride Harley's.
If bikers stop they are not going 100 mph.
There can be more, less or equal to three bikers.
if bikers stop for gas the bikers have to stop to get gas
Three bikers does not imply riding in a pack.
Bikers are not a dog. A dog is not bikers.
To stop does not imply taking a rest.
Bikers who stop in town are also in the town.
three bikers constitutes a group of bikers
There can be less than, more than or equal to three bikers.  Bikers either stop or don't stop in town.
There are either three or five bikers.
A man does not have to be one of the two people.
Two people constitutes a couple of people
Loading brush onto a trailer does not imply it is to go camping and burn it.
If the man has a beard and is pulling on a rope, it is likely he is the same bearded man pulling the rope.
It cannot be inferred that the man is at work.
pulls on a rope is simply pulling on a rope reworded
Pulling on a rope does not imply trying to move some equipment.
Rope and beard are two different things to be pulling at the same time.
Pulling a rope is different than pulling a car.
Pulling on a rope does not imply competing in a rope pulling contest.
Pulling on a rope does not imply trying to pull a car out of a lake.
One with a beard is not clean shaven.
A bearded man is simply a man with a beard reworded
Pulling on a rope does not imply dragging a sled behind.
A red shirt with gray sleeves is not the same as a swimsuit.
A red shirt is not black.
pulling on a rope means pulling on a rope
a man having a beard implies that he is able to grow a beard
One with a red and gray shirt cannot be naked.
A man with a red and gray shirt does imply a man is wearing a red and gray shirt.
a man with facial hair is simply a man has facial hair reworded
One is not usually flashing a giant smile while watching tv.
middle-aged and middle aged are both equally correct ways of conveying the same message
Flashing a giant smile does not necessarily imply someone is very happy.
Smiling widely does not imply she found money on the ground.
another woman rows a boat is simply another lady is rowing reworded
Smiling widely is not done while running from a dog.
a boat worker securing a line tells us that he is doing something to the boat
One cannot be securing line while swimming.
Just because a boat worker is securing the line does not mean he is working hard.
Sentence 1 doesn't indicate that the small girl is swimming in a pool.
A small girl is not the same as a fat girl.
The girl is swimming in the water.
As one skates they cannot also swim.
A skateboarder is a skater.
Sentence 1 indicates simply that the skateboarder skates in the pool, not that he necessarily grinds or that he is on the lip of the pool.
"Save the Children" and UNICEF are not the same organization.
A couple carrying a child is walking along a body of water,
Sentence 1 indicates that the couple appear Indian or Pakistani, not that the couple is definitely Indian. Also, just because the father is wrapped in a blanket with the logo of a humanitarian organization does not necessarily imply that the couple is seeking refuge from that organization.
The people are posing for a save the children add.
Nothing in Sentence 1 indicates that the baby is the son of the woman or man.
No information about watching an airplane was included.
Usually families have two adults and a baby was mentioned.
The something with writing on it is a Save The Children's side.
Sentence 1 does not indicate that the woman is holding the baby or even that there is a woman in the family.
Walking was mentioned, not riding a bike.
Sentence 1 does not indicate that the referenced water is a lake.
Sentence 1 does not indicate the family is a group of cousins, does not indicate that the walk is a hike (typically more strenuous), does not indicate that the dirt path is an established trail, and does not indicate that the water is a stream.
The family is walking along a body of water.
The family is admiring the water while being next to the water.
It said walking and a dirt path, not driving a car on the freeway.
The family cannot walk along a dirt path while it swims in the water.
Sentence 1 does not indicate the family is trying not to fall in the water, simply that they are walking next to it.
Locals cannot be a foreign family.
The family is walking the dirt path next to the water.
If someone walks they are walking
They cannot be walking along a dirt path while at their dinner table, nor can it plays board games while walking.
The family is walking outside next to the water.
Sentence 1 does not indicate that the path is in a forest or that the water is a pond.
no all water is a lake
A man and woman look at sculptures at the museum.
People like to stand next to sculptures.
A man and a woman are standing next to sculptures, talking are not necessarily happily standing.
People like to stand near sculptures.
Sculptures are not the same thing as a painting and sculptures are usually not found at a school fair.
If it says they are all standing, then it cannot be true that nobody is standing.
DOn;t assume the sculptures were recent
People like to stand next to sculptures.
Just because man and a woman are standing next to sculptures, talking while another man looks at other sculptures doesn't mean they are tall.
other sculptures implies there are more than 1 sculpture
You cannot simultaneously look at sculptures and a swimming pool
The sculptures may not be by a famous artist.
Not all sculptures are sculptures of people.
There are sculptures next to the people.
You cannot be standing and sitting at the same time
The women in dresses do not imply they are well dressed.
Group of young women strolling on the sidewalk haven't won the first prize.
The group of women must be strolling in dresses because they are strolling on a sidewalk.
skateboard trick shows that skateboarding
A person cannot do a skateboard trick and be riding a scooter at the same time
Just because man wearing a striped top and jeans does a skateboard trick on some steps while a man who is hunched over photographs him doesn't mean it is tony hawks manager.
A person cnnot do a skateboarding kick flip and be taken by aliens at the same time
A person cannot be above stairs outdoors and inside a building at the same time
It can either be a man or a woman skateboarding, not both
Man is taking picture of another man doing skateboarding kick flip.
someone cannot photograph a skateboarding kick and a wedding at the same time
Not all man has son.
Sentence 1 is missing Tony Hawk skateboarding.
There are many photographers who lare taking photos of skateboarding tricks.
People take photos of skateboarding tricks outdoors.
The photo shows another man in the photograph taking a photograph of his own.
JUST BECAUSE THE MAN IS SQUATTING WHILE TAKING A PHOTOGRAPH DOES NOT MEAN HE IS A PRO.
A person cannot take a photograph and go down a water slide at the same time
A man squatting while taking a photograph of a man doing a skateboarding kick photographs a skateboarder doing tricks.
Taking a photograph does not imply it is to get the perfect picture or that it is for a magazine.
Not all photographers are professional.
A person cannot be running with a bike and driving cars at the same time
Not all bikers are part of a club.
A biker rides bikes. Bikers are people. People have bikes.
It's unlikely that one would be eating ice cream while also running with a bike or riding one, especially while in a mall.
Running and riding bikes does not imply it is to the trail.
People running with a bike and one riding a bike in back are a person running next to their bike with the person riding their bike behind them.
One cannot skateboard and roller blade at the same time. One cannot go down a ramp and the stairs at the same time.
Not all men are helmet-less.
A man doing tricks while being photographed is a man being photographed while he does a trick on his skateboard down the stairs.
Looking seriously does not imply being about to propose.
A woman looking seriously has a serious face.
Either the lady is holding the flowers or the three guys are.
One cannot be walking down the street while also in a theatre watching Avatar.
Walking proudly does not imply being part of the gay pride parade.
A street is outside.
Four teenage boys are not necessarily friends and it is not implied that they are competing to see who throws the most water out of a pool.
Teenage boys are young men. Cannonballs are splashing a lot of water.
Doing cannonballs and eating pizza are different actions. A swimming pool and a restaurant are different locations.
Standing on grass by water does not imply being by a lake.
Grass by the water is outside.
It's unlikely that the men are standing on grass by the water while being indoors at the same time.
Not all baskets are full of food and a family cookout is not implied.
A woman who stands behind a grill outside with a blue basket of food in her hands is a woman standing behind a grill outside with a blue basket of food in her hands.
Easter eggs, assuming they are are of the plastic variety and are empty, are not food.
Sentence 1: A Land Rover makes its way through a deep pond. Sentence 2: A car gets stuck in the water.
Hopefully, there are no deep ponds inside of a shop.
A Land Rover is a car. A deep bond is water.
Many people are a group of people.  A yard is outside.
Sentence 1: many people relax in the yard. Sentence 2: A family enjoys the sunny day in their backyard.
A yard and a living room are different locations.
The car sinking in water is the same as flooding.
It cannot be inferred that the car crashed or that the water is a large lake.
Car and truck are two different vehicles.  when a vehicle is on road it can't be sinking in water.
Playing the guitar is just rephrasing playing an electric guitar.
Playing an electric guitar does not imply that one is also singing.
A guitar is not a piano.
The man cannot have wild hair if he is bald. The man cannot play guitar and drums simultaneously.
A man is a guy. Someone playing guitar center stage means that person stands on stage. The guitar someone plays is his guitar.
Just because a man has wild hair doesn't mean he is crazy looking.
Sentence 1: woman and child on trolley car labeled Powell and market and bay and taylor Sentence 2: The woman is carrying her child.
A trolley car is a trolley.
A trolley car and a subway train are different forms of transportation.
Sentence 1: Two female medical professionals, one african american& one white, looking over paperwork in a hospital. Sentence 2: Coworkers at at a monthly safety meeting.
The workers cannot be looking over paperwork while driving to lunch at the same time.
Two professionals are people.  At work is a restatement of looking over paperwork.
Sentence 1: Two ladies are reading through binders. Sentence 2: Two ladies are studying for their final exam.
The females can't be reading through binders while also watching a movie at the same time.
Two ladies are some women.
Sentence 1: A man in the distance is walking past a brick wall painted with words and graffiti. Sentence 2: A man walks away from a wall he has defaced.
The man cannot be walking as he sits and reads simultaneously.
On a brick wall is a restatement of a brick wall painted with.
The people are either holding the railing or not holding; they can't do both simultaneously.
A woman and child are people.  Rail is a restatement of railing.
Sentence 1: A woman and a child holding on to the railing while on trolley. Sentence 2: The people are on a trolley in san Francisco.
If the man is actively swimming, he is not pointing and smiling.
WE DON'T KNOW THAT THE MAN IS OUTSIDE.
If the man is smiling he must be happy.
Sentence 1: A guy performing a bicycle jump trick for an audience. Sentence 2: a bmx pro is doing a triple backflip
The guy cannot be doing a jump trick and skating trick at the same time.
Bike trick is a restatement of bicycle jump trick.
A blue dress coat is a more specific type of coat.
Gray hair and blonde hair are different hair colors.
Balancing something on the head may be for many reasons, not only for guarding herself  from the snow.
Sentence 1: Two children play outside in a field. Sentence 2: A brother and sister chase each other in a field.
Children are kids.  A field is outdoors.
The children cannot be playing outside and reading at their desks simultaneously.
The man can't be sitting inside and playing outside at the same time.
A man is  a male.  Sitting indoors is a restatement of sits inside.
Sentence 1: One man sits inside and plays the banjo, there are trees behind him outside. Sentence 2: A male plays a banjo while sitting on a sofa.
It is not possible to play in the filed and not play simultaneously.
Children are kids.  Playing with a big rock in the field is a restatement of playing in a field with a big rock.
The first sentence does not say that they are playing with the big rock, simply that they are in a field with a rock.  The first sentence does not mention anything about family.
The first sentence does not say that they are running - simply that they are playing.  A non-urban environment does not necessarily imply an open field.
Girls are young, and they are in a non-urban environment so they are outside.
The girls cannot be playing in a non-urban environment while running on a sidewalk at the same time.
The children cannot play in a field and be eating lunch at home simultaneously.
Two children in hats, and they can only play in rocky field in an open area
The first sentence does not specify what, exactly, they are playing.  It may not be catch.
The first sentence does not mention grass, nor anything else about the surface upon which the woman is dancing.
"The woman in green and pink is dancing" shows that " she is is dancing with someone wearing a blue top with white pants"
one woman is alone, the other is with someone dancing
The man is looking at the camera.
Because the man is looking at the camera does not mean he is looking at something.
The man cannot simultaneously be walking away and looking at the camera
A man sits in front of the computer implies that he is watching the computer screen.
A gold skirt is not necessarily a golf skirt.  The first sentence does not specify what the man is doing on the computer.  He may not be typing to his friends online.
blue and gold are not the same colors
the man is working on the computer implies that he is sitting at a computer desk.
one man is at the zoo, the other is at a desk
We do not know what the man is doing at the computer desk - it may not be a project for work.
The man can't be in the rain if he's sitting in front of a desk.
a man with beard sits and waiting with a computer
Sitting in front of a desk holding a computer doesn't imply that he is buying it. A computer may not be a laptop.
"A man looks at the camera" is a synonym of " a man is looking at his webcam"
His hands are merely raised to his face - we do not know that he he is covering up his face.
one man is making faces, the other is taking a picture of himself it seems with a camera
"A young girl sitting at a table with a bowl on her head" is a form of "A young girl has a bowl on her head"
A "young girl" may not be a toddler.  We only know from the first sentence that she has a bowl on her head, not that the bowl contained spaghetti, or that its contents were dumped.
a man is not a young girl
Dances with a fire baton does not imply that a crowd cheers.
Man and woman are of different gender.
If the man dances with a fire baton it is the same as dancing.
The doctor checks a stomach which implies that the toddler is getting a checkup.
a toddler's mouth is not the same as their stomach
Toddler is misspelled as toddle. This may be a routine check-up, and we do not know that the toddler may be sick.
The first sentence does not mention that she is wearing a gown, that she is holding shoes in her hands, or that this is the Buckingham Fountain.
one woman is at the beach chair, the other is at a water fountain
" woman putting her foot into a water fountain" is a rephrasing of " A person is dipping her foot into water"
you can't put your foot in a fountain while riding a train
A young woman is still a woman.
If the woman is trying to stick her foot in the fountain then it's in the air.
you can't crouch at the edge of a fountain while walking
the woman is not necessarily eager
A woman is kicking her foot to touch the water.
The woman is on a foundation so she is putting her toes in water.
the grassy ground is not the same as the edge of a fountain
the woman is not necessarily old
In order to be on a city sidewalk the couple must be outdoors.
Not all couples are married.
If the couple strolls, they must not be having dinner at a restaurant.
The man watching the couple must stare to observe the couple.
Staring does not imply being jealous.
It must be either a man or a woman doing the staring.
just because they are walking does not mean that they are walking home
The couple is walking
If their hands are behind their backs, then the man's arm cannot be around her shoulder.
A couple who are fighting would not be holding hands as they walk down the street while they are fighting.
the people are not necessarily a couple
A man and woman are holding hands as they walk.
The man would not be standing if he is sleeping.
at the beach does not necessarily imply overlooking the ocean
standing at the beach does not imply that they watch other build sand castles
Kids who can not walk are crippled people.
The people are playing football without gear, which is a known sport, so it is inconsistent with the sentence saying that it is a "new sport."
show appreciation for kids who cannot walk does not imply that they were there to fund a crippled people fund
Two men in wheelchairs does not imply that the men are sad
Men are people.
One sentence says two men are reaching for a basketball, but the second sentence says that two women are reaching for a basketball.
wearing uniform and trying to reach the descending ball does not necessarily imply that they are playing a match
If there are players in the background then they are in a field.
The locations are inconsistent. In one, the people are reaching for a falling ball, while in the other, they are in a coffeeshop.
In one sentence, the players are trying to grab a basketball, and in the other sentence, they are playing cards.
If the guys are trying to grab a basketball then they are playing.
in a wheelchair does not mean handicapped
Dogs that are fighting do not lick.
There are three dogs biting and licking each other.
the dog may not necessarily be brown and white
The two dogs that playfully bite a third dog may not be puppies, and the third dog may not be their mother..
The third dog cannot eat food while he just has his tongue sticking out.
Two dogs is the same as a pair of dogs and them playfully biting is a form of teasing with nibbles.
Puppies can not play while sleeping.
dog park is not the only place for puppies to play
Grass is outside.
You can not infer what they are bitting.
A dog is being attacked by two other dogs.
There are two dogs not one dog.
If they are waiting at a train stop, they cannot be walking around an art museum.
Not all train stops are outside.
A group of tourists waiting for a train must also be a at train station to depart.
The doctor could be an old man and he has to talk to be assisted by the two men and the woman.
If they are boys, they cannot be a doctor.
A doctor and his assistants can operate without a child being present or happy.
walking past an outdoor movie poster does not necessarily imply she is leaving a movie theatre.
A woman walking outside explains how the woman could be walking past an outdoor movie poster.
The woman cannot walk past and also be cleaning up.
A man stands is a more general way of explaining a man is standing on the sidewalk.
A hat and a wig are two separate items.
others may refer to other men or women.
If a woman is dancing, then she is not eating.
Two people dancing outdoors is a general way of saying an indian lady and a guy dancing in the sunlight.
Two people dancing in the sunlight does not imply a band performs.
Two people having a conversation is one way of explaining two older men are talking.
two men are talking does not mean they are exchanging ideas they could be discussing about sports.
A crowd is more than two men.
jumping a slope outdoors in a forest area does not imply going fast
A bikder doing jumps by trees is the same as saying a biker is jumping a slope in a forest area.
If they the bikers are jumping a slope outdoors, then they would have to be on bikes.
jumping a slope outdoors in a forest area does not mean the person is trying to learn new tricks on their bike.
A moutain biker jumping and a biker jumping is the same action.
A person rides a bike outdoors is one general way of saying a biker is jumping a slope outdoors.
there is no indication that the biker is a mountain biker
A biker is one way of saying a mountain biker.
A biker is doing jumps in a wooded area may not necessarily be in a forest.
A hole and slope are not the same thing.
They are avoiding trees could be one way of saying a mountain biker is avoiding trees by jumping a slope outdoors.
A forest and a desert are two different locations.
You would not find a volcano in a forest area.
The biker cannot be outdoors and indoors simultaneously.
A biker would be riding a bike, not a bobsled.
There are many things the men may be talking about not necessarily discussing the weather.
if two older men in winter coats are talking outside then the two old men in winter coats are talking outside
Winter coats are different than raincoats.
Snow covered grass would be outside, men would drink coffee and have cookies inside.
If the men are having a conversation, then they would not be sleeping.
The grass in the background implies the men are outside.
They can't be preparing for a snowball fight if they are just standing.
Two men can be rephrased to people. It is implied that since they are standing outside and snow is on the ground they must be near the snow.
The men are standing or making snow angels.
The men are either in coats or never wore the coats.
men in coats are outside
Just because Two older men in coats are standing outside doesn't mean it is cold.
There can either be a gentleman or a woman.
A gentleman is a type of man.
It doesn't say how much money there is; it may not be hundreds of dollars.
The ravine might be small; we can't say it is never easy.
"Ravine jumping" is a rephrasing of "jumps over a ravine."
There can either be a BMX  biker or anybody can do a jump over a ravine.
A street sign could be any number of different signs, only one being a stop sign.
It is either a white bike or a car.
tied to a sign implies that  tied to a street sign.
The bike cannot be both leaning against a post and on the ground at once.
It is not obvious from leaning against a post that the bike has a flat tire.
The post is outside therefore the bike is outside.
The bike is either locked up or he is riding it.
If a boy is walking away he went away.
The fact that the boy locked the cycle and went away does not imply that a bicycle chained up with a boy walking away.
"A city filled with people," is a rephrasing of "a crowded city."
A crowded city cannot be abandoned.
you don't know what the city is filled with, so it may not be many cars.  Also, we know it's daytime, but not that it is warm or sunny.
city is not the same as park.
If people are walking around a big city, they are outside.
Cannot be walking around and asleep at the same time.
A city that is busy has a lot of people in it.
Many cities are very large and not just New York City.
The city either looks like NYC or Lawrence, KS. It cannot resemble two such different cities.
Time Square is a city in New York.
It is either a view of buildings and people or a field of poppies.
The fact that people are walking across the street doesn't imply that there are full of people and they are bustling with noise and activity.
Either a man or a woman. Cannot be painting and making a clay pot simultaneously.
Sentence 1 is missing flower pot
A woman who is an artist is making or sculpting clay.
he does not have to wait inside his shop
A barber who has customers is at work.
He is either waiting or closing the store.
A man is an individual at a indoors barber shop.
The man can be sitting in the barber ship without waiting to get a haircut - he could be the barber.
He is either sitting or brushing his teeth.
Just because the woman is preparing to glaze a bowl does not not mean that she is doing it happily.
She is either preparing or not preparing to glaze a bowl.
A woman is preparing to use glaze.
The woman is wearing either an apron or gloves.
Aprons do not have to be red.  A pot can be any color, not just black.
A woman wearing an apron puts a pot on a table.
A man cannot be female, nor would he be referred to as she. Modeling for a cooking show would look very different than modeling as a soccer player.
A model trying to look like a soccer player is not necessarily posing for a sports magazine.
The model is doing a photo shoot so she must be posing.
Firemen emerge outside from the station.
The station can be either empty or with firemen inside.
Just because firemen are coming out of the subway does not mean that they are not working.
The firemen walking look exhausted.
Not all exhausted firemen who are walking are going back to the fire station to rest.
One can't be walking and running at the same time.
The nearest firefighter is either holding an axe or holding a helmet
Just because a one of the firefighters is holding a helmet does not mean that they are discussing sports.
One of the firefighters is holding a helmet in his hand.
Not all men who walk beside a clean up crew will direct the clean up crew where to go.
If it's a man, it can't be a woman.
The crew is a renaming of the clean up crew.
One can't be swiming underwater and float on top of it simultaneously.
Not all little boys who swim underwater do so at a beach.
A boy is swimming underwater.
A man cannot be racing in a parked vehicle.
A Ford driver is racing on a gravel track.
You do not have to be a man to race a vehicle.  Not all Ford vehicle's are trucks.
They can be either jumping into the pool or climbing out of the water.
People are jumping into the water together.
Just because three people are jumping in the pool together does not make them friends.
Not all plastic dinosaurs are waterproof.
The Lone Ranger is a man, not a little boy.
A boy in a pool holds his plastic dinosaur toy.
A little boy can either be chasing a dog, or be swimming underwater.
A pool ring is not the only toy a little boy can swim with underwater.
The little boy is swimming underwater so he would indeed be underwater.
We don't know if it is his first rodeo; he may be experienced.
One can't be riding a bucking horse and chasing a bull at the same time,
One must be riding a bucking horse to be bucked on a horse.
A man is a rider.
There are more than one ways to fall.
A saddle bronc riders rides a horse, not a motorcycle
We can't infer sne is there to make coconut milk.
A woman can be working or sitting on a couch.
A strange machine is a type of machine.
A man can be either  shucking corn or boiling a pot of corn.
Shucking corn using a corn shucker is a way to process vegetables.
We don't know if it is a large pile or not.
There are more than one way of making jewelry in the park.
A woman can't be operating a machine and also have a child trapped in the machine.
A park imples being ourdoors.
A woman is not a child.
Street vendors can produce food other than mexican food.
A woman is a person. Cooking is a way of making food.
A man can't be without a shirt and wearing a blue shirt.
Jogging a kind of running.
One can listen to one's iPod without headphones.
Women and exercising is repeated in both sentences.
A woman can't have a black outfit and be dressed in green.
Women can exercise in ways other than yoga.
There are other levels of yoga classes besides beginners'.
The students can't be practicing yoga and solving equations.
Practicing implies class is in progress.
People can stretch on yoga mats in places other than outside as well.
People has to do stretching to be stretched.
People can't stretch on yoga mats and bikes.
people implies a group.
People can be working out in other ways beside yoga.
People can't do yoga and sleep.
Two men can't be two women. Walking with strollers isn't watching a motorcyclist perform.
two implies more than one
A motorcyclist can perform in races other than the annual race.
A young man isn't girls. Waiting with others isn't climbing a tree.
A person who is waiting is not necessarily talking. Not all sidewalks are near a bustop.
others implies a group.
People pose for a picture, because pictures are only taken with cameras.
People posing for a photo are not necessarily family members.
Two people can't pose for the camera and yell.
A man usually lay down when they sleep.
if the man is checking in a 4 star hotel he is not sleeping on the grass.
Not all people sleeping on the grass are homeless.
The dog is in the air, whether by leaping or other means.
the dog is not leaping if it is taking a nap.
Just because a dog is leaping doesn't mean he is catching a frisbee.
the boy may be sitting but it does not say he eats a sandwich.
A boy who is sitting isn't necessarily sitting on the ground. Not all pictures are a family picture.
The boy is sitting at people's feet, because boots and legs imply people's feet.
"A man is wearing blue " is a simpler explanation of the scene.
Just because the man is lying down doesn't mean he is tired.
if the man is drinking in a pub he can not lies on a patch of grass.
if the people are inside then they cannot be outside.
Just because people are outside does not mean they are on lunch break.
If they are outside a building, they are outside.
If they are going down a path, the girl and two guys are outside.
the little girl can not follows two guys if she is riding a horse.
People can walk places that are not home. Just because someone is holding an umbrella doesn't mean it's raining.
She is a synonym for lady.
She may not be going on a trip, just packing for someone else.
A woman can't be packing and unpacking at the same time.
A girl is running on the trail is a simpler explanation of the scene
if it is a little girl then it can not be a boy.
A trail does not have to be downhill.
3 people include the little girl, she walks along a grass path.
A little girl behind two people means there is more than 2 people on the path.
We have no idea if they are trying to get home or where they are doing. We have no idea if a storm hits or it could just be raining.
Medical supplies are things
A person looking for medical supplies may not need them for work.
if the woman is blond then she can not be brunette.
A person can fill a suitcase without it being for a trip.
if it is a woman then it cant be a man.
A woman is filling a suitcase is a simpler explanation of the scene
if it is a young woman then it can not be a young man.
Not every suitcase is a box.
A suitcase is a luggage carrier.
People going for a long walk to the mountains are not necessarily in a big group.
The people cannot be running and going for a walk simultaneously.
The mountains are outdoors.
A man can rest on a street without sitting.
A man cannot be resting and jogging at the same time.
It is the exact same sentence: a man resting on a street.
A woman in costume marching with a large drum is not necessary part of a "highschool homcoming" marching band.
A woman cannot be marching with a large drum and driving a bus at the same time.
If a woman wears a costume an marches with a large drum, she plays in a band.
Toting means carrying. Boxes are packages. Someone in the city streets is in an urban setting.
Carrying a load on a car is not the same as delivering them by bicycle.
fresh direct boxes are not only groceries. Just because a man is carrying boxes does not mean he is delivering them to shut-in seniors.
A motorcyclist is a man, a nose wheelie is a wheelie
A man cannot be doing a nose wheelie and standing beside a motorcycle at the same time.
A nose wheelie is a type of wheelie.
He may just be sitting. It is unlikely he is waiting for someone to fix his scooter.
One must have a street to have a curb. It is implied that since he is on the curb, he is outside.
A man can't be sitting on a curb and relaxing at a bar at the same time.
A man cannot be playing basketball and having a smoke at the same time.
A man on the sidewalk with his bike is standing.
A man stopping to have a smoke is not necessarily lighting a cigarette; it could already be lit, or he could be smoking something else.
A man sitting on a motorcycle on the sidewalk is still on a motorcycle.
A man sitting on a motorcycle on the sidewalk is not necessarily driving away.
A man cannot be sitting on a motorcycle and playing with his cat simultaneously.
A man can smoke something besides a cigarette.
A man cannot be sitting on a car and scooter at the same time. A man cannot be smoking and drinking a beer simultaneously.
If a man is smoking and sitting on scooter, it must be parked.
None - all of the information can be inferred.
A man on the sidewalk sitting on a motorcycle is equivalent to a man sitting on a motorcycle on the sidewalk
A man cannot be sitting on a motorcycle and driving his car simultaneously.
A woman cannot dance alone and dance as part of a couple at the same time.
It is in their nature for a couple to dance.
Just because a couple is dancing does not mean that it is in a competition.
Not all races are for charity.
Not all races are olympic, and not all people in that clothing are runners.
People are either wearing pink and purple, or they are wearing orange vests and blue pants with a yellow stripe.
Not all races start with the pistol.
People would not have a cook off during a race
Not everyone in a race necessarily wants to win first prize.
People have to wait before a race begins.
Not everyone awaiting a race is part of the race.
There would be either people or A athlete.
Cannot be wiating to race and racing at the same time
People wear orange vests before the beginning of a race.
People wear colorful clothes before the beginning of a race.
People cannot await a race and be racing at the same time.
await the beginning of a race is a rephrasing of waiting for a race
runners have to wait before the beginning of a race.
Not every movie is very loud.
There wouldn't be a carpeted floor where there'd be a sidewalk
the man and the lady are two people and they are dancing.
Not every skier is in a competition.
Both subjects are wearing
If you are a skiier you are skiing, if you are a skateboard you are a skateboard.
'J.P. Morgan Chase held a track event' is a rephrasing of 'A track event held by J.P. Morgan Chase'.
The event cannot simultaneously have security and have no security
We have no idea if they are searching for weapons they could be doing anything.
Not all dancers dance together.
Dancing is moving.
People should not be eating and dancing at the same time.
The farmer would not be laying down while with a pulled wagon
Horse pulled horse wagons.
Not all wagons are outdoors.
Old Men wouldn't be playing soccer at a children's soccer Game
Children soccer game implies that children are playing soccer.   While the sun sets denotes that this activity is done while the sun is setting.
Not all children are girls.
A soccer game cannot be played by no one.
A game played dusk does not mean that the people are playing currently. A perfectly manicured field does not mean that the soccer match must be for a competition.
the word team denotes that People in the teams are playing a soccer game.
Not all soccer teams are considered skilled. Two teams competing does not mean that the game must be a championship.
in order for soccer teams to compete it is assumed they are playing a soccer game.
There is either two soccer teams or two baseball teams.
One must be outside to be behind a line of trees. One must play to compete.
A soccer team can't be playing another soccer team while also playing hockey against a football team.
The soccer team may not be about to win; many games end in ties.
The two men can either be preparing food or riding bikes.
The two mean can serve and prepare food without wearing aprons.
two men serving prepared food, shows that the food is served by the two men.
a soccer game is a sports game and when it is occurring one assumes the game is being played.
Soccer games can be played at times other than the World Cup. Also occurring at sunset does not mean that the game is being played currently.
Either a soccer game or basketball game can be occurring.  Also, the game cannot be at both sunset and sunrise.
The small child can't be playing video games while he also plays at the park.
A small child is a type of child.
The child is not shown to be with anyone; he may not be playing tag with friends.
the little boy in brown pants occurs in both sentences whatever he happens to be doing.
It must be either a litte girl or a little boy playing on the ropes at the park.  The little child cannot be wearing both red pants and brown pants.
The boy wearing brown pants does not mean that he likes the color brown necessarily.
It is not necessarily true that the kids tries to break from school.
A child cannot be napping while he plays.
Toddler and child are equivalent as part of the activity on the playground.
The woman looking at a pink car does not mean that she must be wondering about it. A pink car does not mean that the car must be her car.
The woman cannot be wearing both a pink hat and a grocery bag.
A man looking up doesn't imply he is looking up at a dog.
the man can't be wearing a red shirt while also wearing a blue shirt.
A man is a person and is therefore looking up.
The three girls appear in both sentences whatever they happen to be doing
The three girls cannot be both on an amusement ride and be at home at the same time.
Girls enjoying a particular ride at an amusement park does not mean that they like amusement parks as a whole.
Not all food from Walmart is unhealthy food.
The woman must be at either Walmart or Target, but not both.
the woman is in Walmart whatever she happens to be doing.
The brown dog must be either treading through water or sleeping next to the water.
There is a brown dog who treads through water in each sentence whatever else he my be doing or feeling.
A brown dog can tread water at times other than when he swims towards shore.
The woman cannot be checked out at Walmart and standing at the counter at Target.
the woman and the children are at the check out counter.
A woman having multiple children does not mean that she definitely has three children.
A woman isn't necessarily a mother. It can't be inferred that food is being bought just because the woman is at a register since Walmart sells many things and other services are offered at the register such as returns, etc.
Either the woman is being checked out at a Walmart register or food makes people hungry.
A blond women is a mother and checking out a walmart register means she is at walmart
A woman is human a monkey is an animal.
Modeling appliances cannot be inferred just from knowing a woman is in a laundromat and looking at a camera.
A woman sitting in a laundromat is same as sitting in a room
Paddling across the water in a makeshift boat does not imply one is boating in a pond.
To paddle across the water, one must be in a boat.
the boy can not be swimming while paddling a makeshift boat.
About to throw does not necessarily imply throwing a ball.
"baseball player is swinging to hit the ball" that "baseball player is about to throw"
You can not throw a broken baseball.
You cannot infer that a dog is chasing a ball just from "a dog zips".
A sleeping dog does not zips.
A dog zips along the beach simply means it is outside
the dog can not be running up stairs at home and along a rocky shoreline.
A dog running along a shoreline does not necessarily mean he is running with his owner.
Shoreline is outside.
A fuzzy white lap dog runs along a rocky beach is same as dog running in a beach
A dog could be running along the beach for many reasons besides chasing birds.
One dog is doing an action of snuggle while the other runs these are opposite.
A small white dog running on a pebble covered beach. is just as dog running in the beach
A dog and a seagull are different animals.
A dog could be running on a beach for many reasons. Running after a boy and frisbee add a lot more context and can't be inferred just from knowing that the dog is running. "Running after" is more specific than "running".
"Giving the ball away" suggest that the player is throwing it to another player, which can't be inferred from just knowing that the player is throwing the ball.
If someone is going to throw they are throwing
Baseball and football are different games.
cheering  doesn't always mean  wearing blue
There cannot be an empty field while there are cheerleaders on it.
Cheerleaders are people.
Cheerleaders can cheer on a field at any point in a game, not only while they are waiting for the game to begin.
the cheerleader can not be being killed while cheering on the field.
It is impossible to infer that the cheerleaders are specifically Dallas Cowboys' cheerleaders without this extra information added, since there are many different sports teams that have cheerleaders. Cheerleaders could be cheering at a practice, not specifically at a game, so "pump-up the crowd" gives more context, such as there being a large crowd and the setting being a game, that is not otherwise included.
Cheerleaders are people, fields are outdoors.
Cheerleaders are on the field cheering it is the same as cheer on a field for an activity.
Here people are Cheerleaders cheering in the field
Cheering is active sit is not.
Cheerleaders are on the field cheering is same as Cheerleaders cheering.
Cheering and running are two different things.
Cheerleaders could be on the field cheering at any time during the game, it can't be inferred from sentence 1 that it is at the start of the game. Cheerleaders cheer at all games, so there is no way to infer from sentence 1 that they are cheering at the big game.
Many different sports teams have cheerleaders, so it can't be inferred from sentence 1 that they are cheering for a football team.
Cheerleaders and a man are different descriptions of people.
The person holding a boombox cannot be both a man and a woman.
Sad is a specific emotion, people are not always sad.
Woman is person.
Being in clothing is the same as wearing clothing.
Just because a woman looks up at a camera doesn't imply that she smiles.
the woman is looking up at the camera. she may not be on her cellphone.
Not all cheerleaders doing a cheer at a football field wear black and red uniforms.
Cheerleaders are not naked on a football field.
the cheerleaders ca not be on a basketball arena and also a football field.
in a both sentence exctied and standing is different
Not all women are tall.
a woman is standing. not nobody
In order to be close to the floor, the lady must be kneeling.
All ladies kneeling are not kneeling before the priest at church.
Jumping jacks are not done while kneeling.
The silhouette of people is being cast on a wall they are near.
three people can not be standing in front of a wall and also running down a country road.
There is no implication that the wall has any type of decoration or is painted.
Just because there are two people doesn't imply the people are a man and a woman. All people making hand gestures are not communicating through sign language.
A person cannot make hand gestures with their hands in their pockets
making hand gestures  shows that people are next to each other.
In order for the dog to splash, it must be in the water.
Just because the dog splashes in the water doesn't mean it is swimming by itself.
A dog cannot be eating in the kitchen while he simultaneously splashes in the water
A large group can be called a crowd. Gesticulates is the same as wave.
A large group doesn't necessarily mean the people in the group are raising money.
there are onlookers. not no one.
Not all strands of beads are multi-colored.
the baby cant be playing with beads while sleeping.
The baby is playing with an item.
People cannot perform on a stage while sleeping
All people performing are not singing.
If people are on a stage, they are most likely performing.
A woman cannot run in her backyard and at the park simultaneously
Just because a woman is running in a marathon doesn't imply she is running fast.
To run a marathon, the woman must be outdoors.
The group of people is "performing some kind of act", which means they are doing something.
A group cannot point forward while they fight using tigers
Just because a group of point doesn't mean they are speaking.
People do not dance together while fighting at the same time
Just because people are dancing doesn't imply the people dancing together are man and woman.
Both sentences mention people dancing.
If a group of people is dancing, then they are most likely dancing together.
Just because people are dancing does not imply they are dancing with one another during a religious ritual.
It can either be people or dogs, not both
A couple cannot be watching TV while in a hot tub simultaneously
Both sentences mention a couple in a hot tub.
All hot tubs are not outside.
If someone is playing the guitar, it is implied that they know how to play guitar.
You can not infer he can play well.
Drums and guitar are two different instruments.
You can not infer they are chasing the ball.
Dogs racing down the beach must be outside, as the beach is outside.
Three and two are different numbers. Laying and racing are two different things.
People cannot hold hands while walking down opposite sides of the street
The "couple of people" mentioned in sentence 2, refers to the man and woman in sentence 1.
Just because a man and woman walk together doesn't mean they are a newlywed couple. Holding hands doesn't imply they skip and hold hands.
Man using his computer does not imply he searches the internet.
It is either a man or woman.
He can use a computer while he sits at a desk.
Women on a picnic at a park that have someone filming.
Park is not inside.
Camera crew filming does not imply someone is operating a microphone.
Chess is a board game and one who playing by himself is another way to say he is playing alone.
Taking a snooze is different than sitting down.
You can not infer it's a human.
If the woman is running and the men are trying to catch up, it is implied they are also running so all the people in the group are running.
You can not infer she runs.
Having coffee and running are two different things.
All chessboard are not wooden.
A man is ready to play chess at a chessboard.
Scrabble is different than chessboard.
A man playing chess does not imply two men are involved in playing.
Sits is different than jogging.
There is a man at the table playing a game of chess.
If the chess game is set up on the table the man is in front of, then he is in front of a set up chess game.
You can not infer he is waiting on an opponent.
Connect four is different than chess. Young man is different gender than grandma.
If he sits behind a chessboard, it is known that he is sitting.
Mars and chessboard are two different things.
You can not infer he is indoors.
If they drink beer, we know they are drinking.
Sprayed and drink are two different things.
You can not infer they are in urine.
Only one person can be in danger it doesn't have to be multiple people.
Being airlifted involves being moved so the man was moved.
Putting people in a dangerous area is not airlifting them to safety.
Paying attention to a speaker is different from listening to music.
If people are paying attention to a speaker, it is implied they are listening to a speaker.
You can not infer it's their boss.
The location is either a party or conference table.
The young people must not be learning about politics.
the people gathered around the conference table are young
A woman speaking does not imply she is going to the park.
Swimming is different than speaking.
There is a woman who is talking in a room has on a red shirt.
A woman talks to people in a another indoor office building.
A woman with two other women and a man does not make a group of three and just because they are having notepads does not imply they are taking notes.
Woman is different than man.
All woman are not white.
A woman talks to two other people with notepads in a different office building.
Women and dogs are different.
Talks is different than asleep.
Talks is different than looking inside.
Two people are talking to woman with notepads in a office building.
People taking in an office building with large windows does not imply they are indoors and they need not talk about lunch.
People talks with each other with notepads in a large windowed office.
Two is different than three.
All talks are not necessarily done happily.
All group talks need not be a discussion on a project.
There are women talking on notepads in an office building.
Discussing lecture is different than running.
The topics of the day in a classroom setting are included in the lecture.
You can not infer they are in history class.
You can not infer he is working.
A man and woman are different genders.
It is implied if the man holds a clipboard and pen they are his possessions and if a woman looks at them we know she is looking.
A couple means more than a man.
A man and woman talking to each other does not make them a couple.
The man and woman are a couple.
That a man holds out a clipboard implies he wants someone to look at it.
The man may just want to women to read something on the clipboard and not to sign something.
Holds out a clipboard is different than takes off his shirt.
A man was in a bright green shirt. And the is a man and a woman.
The women may not be his boss.
Something on a clipboard is something.
That a man shows a woman something implies he has something to tell the woman.
That a man shows something on a clipboard to someone implies that both are looking at the clipboard. A man and a woman are two people.
The woman is wearing a bright pink shirt.
The man may just be looking for a signature and not teaching.
That a man shows a woman something implies that there is both a man and a woman.
The man and woman are looking at something on a clipboard.
The man is showing the woman something on the clipboard not drinking coffee.
"Man is wearing a shirt" is a rephrasing of "man in a shirt".
The man and the women may be strangers and not employees at the same business.
The man may be showing a petition and not his paychecks on the clipboard.
The man shows the woman something on the clipboard not the woman.
The clipboard may have just a picture on it and no writting.
The man may be showing a document and not a funny video on the tablet.
The tablet may be off and not on.
A man holds some sort of tablet towards the woman so the had to me on the same street.
People being on a street implies that they are outdoors.
That people are on a street implies that they are outside.
The man was holding a tablet towards the woman so and not eating a restaurant.
A man did not steal a woman's tablet he holds out some sort of tablet towards the woman.
A man holds a tablet towards a woman. The woman didn't show a person a cell phone.
The man and the woman may be strangers and not a couple. The may be reading a document and not using the tablet to watch a video.
If there is a man on a street then it's implied the man is standing on the street.
The tablet may not be a cell phone.
We don't know if he's giving directions or not.
If a man and woman are on a street then there are some people on a street.
A man holds out some sort of tablet towards the woman, he doesn't handover a cell phone.
When he holds the tablet towards the woman he is showing her something.
We don't know if the milk was spilled or poured on purpose.
The child cannot have both a clean face and milk all over his face.
Child had milk all over his face it's another way of saying child with milk all over his face.
The men must be barefoot on the lawn interested to be barefoot men playing on a lawn.
The two men cannot be simultaneously barefoot and wearing sandles.
They are not shown to be playing lawn darts.
