the little boy in brown pants occurs in both sentences whatever he happens to be doing.
A hat and a wig are two separate items.
People cannot hold hands while walking down opposite sides of the street
If they drink beer, we know they are drinking.
Basketball is american culture.
If the guys are trying to grab a basketball then they are playing.
There can be one women or no women.
Dancing is moving.
Walking proudly does not imply being part of the gay pride parade.
A biker is doing jumps in a wooded area may not necessarily be in a forest.
Not all people are waiting on bikes at a light .
"baseball player is swinging to hit the ball" that "baseball player is about to throw"
The first sentence does not specify what, exactly, they are playing.  It may not be catch.
One can't be riding a bucking horse and chasing a bull at the same time,
We have no idea if they are trying to get home or where they are doing. We have no idea if a storm hits or it could just be raining.
If they are boys, they cannot be a doctor.
the word team denotes that People in the teams are playing a soccer game.
They are outside because the are in the tide.
Not everyone awaiting a race is part of the race.
JUST BECAUSE THE MAN IS SQUATTING WHILE TAKING A PHOTOGRAPH DOES NOT MEAN HE IS A PRO.
A young woman is still a woman.
Not all food from Walmart is unhealthy food.
Looking seriously does not imply being about to propose.
A couple who are fighting would not be holding hands as they walk down the street while they are fighting.
A strange machine is a type of machine.
Two men in wheelchairs does not imply that the men are sad
We don't know if it is his first rodeo; he may be experienced.
The bike is either locked up or he is riding it.
Sentence 1: A Land Rover makes its way through a deep pond. Sentence 2: A car gets stuck in the water.
a soccer game is a sports game and when it is occurring one assumes the game is being played.
Street vendors can produce food other than mexican food.
All woman are not white.
the woman and the children are at the check out counter.
There are two dogs not one dog.
You can not infer they are in urine.
Sentence 1: many people relax in the yard. Sentence 2: A family enjoys the sunny day in their backyard.
Not all men who walk beside a clean up crew will direct the clean up crew where to go.
A man on the sidewalk sitting on a motorcycle is equivalent to a man sitting on a motorcycle on the sidewalk
A man and a woman crossing a street are not necessarily a couple.
A gold skirt is not necessarily a golf skirt.  The first sentence does not specify what the man is doing on the computer.  He may not be typing to his friends online.
green jacket implies the woman is wearing green.
A man with a red and gray shirt does imply a man is wearing a red and gray shirt.
Either a soccer game or basketball game can be occurring.  Also, the game cannot be at both sunset and sunrise.
People are not bikes.
If their hands are behind their backs, then the man's arm cannot be around her shoulder.
Girls enjoying a particular ride at an amusement park does not mean that they like amusement parks as a whole.
Cyclists cannot be immobile waiting and in motion riding simultaneously.  There are no intersections at a mall.
At the top of a hill is a description that does not change the meaning significantly.
There wouldn't be a carpeted floor where there'd be a sidewalk
A jogger and a skier are two different types of people.
the man is working on the computer implies that he is sitting at a computer desk.
The women may not be his boss.
orange juice is a juice.
Not a lights are only in the city.
Girls are young, and they are in a non-urban environment so they are outside.
Just because firemen are coming out of the subway does not mean that they are not working.
Just because the man is lying down doesn't mean he is tired.
There is either two soccer teams or two baseball teams.
Not all carts are used to carry coal.
The model is doing a photo shoot so she must be posing.
The woman is wearing either an apron or gloves.
The family is walking the dirt path next to the water.
There are other levels of yoga classes besides beginners'.
Sentence 1: Two ladies are reading through binders. Sentence 2: Two ladies are studying for their final exam.
Easter eggs, assuming they are are of the plastic variety and are empty, are not food.
Just because a group of point doesn't mean they are speaking.
People take photos of skateboarding tricks outdoors.
People cannot be at a restaurant and in school at the same time.
Waiting at an intersection implies wait on traffic.
One cannot be on a jumping horse cannot be a diner ordering food.
The women are never described as enjoying having a good fashion sense
Walking was mentioned, not riding a bike.
Grass is outside.
Loading brush onto a trailer does not imply it is to go camping and burn it.
A man stands is a more general way of explaining a man is standing on the sidewalk.
The "couple of people" mentioned in sentence 2, refers to the man and woman in sentence 1.
A man sitting on a motorcycle on the sidewalk is still on a motorcycle.
Drums and guitar are two different instruments.
One cannot be walking across a street and swimming in water.
A man is ready to play chess at a chessboard.
the woman is in Walmart whatever she happens to be doing.
others may refer to other men or women.
To be described as waiting is to be assumed as being alive to be able to wait.  Dead bicyclists do not wait.
Sad is a specific emotion, people are not always sad.
Not all people enjoy conversation waiting for traffic.
A soccer team can't be playing another soccer team while also playing hockey against a football team.
Having coffee and running are two different things.
The family is walking along a body of water.
The men are standing or making snow angels.
sentence 1 just had lunch hugging and saying goodbyes, in sentence 2 the meal the diners are scowling at each other over a full dinner table
The mountains are outdoors.
There are people on bicycles is a restatement of people on bicycles.
The man cannot simultaneously be walking away and looking at the camera
The biker cannot be outdoors and indoors simultaneously.
The school was never described as a high school
Paying attention to a speaker is different from listening to music.
Sentence 1: A guy performing a bicycle jump trick for an audience. Sentence 2: a bmx pro is doing a triple backflip
Just because three people are jumping in the pool together does not make them friends.
Locals cannot be a foreign family.
Cheerleaders are not naked on a football field.
if the people are inside then they cannot be outside.
A couple carrying a child is walking along a body of water,
Woman is different than man.
Talks is different than looking inside.
People are jumping into the water together.
A man and woman talking to each other does not make them a couple.
A woman speaking does not imply she is going to the park.
People have to wait before a race begins.
Usually families have two adults and a baby was mentioned.
You would not find a volcano in a forest area.
the boy can not be swimming while paddling a makeshift boat.
A man is not a boy.  Lemonade is not water.
one man is making faces, the other is taking a picture of himself it seems with a camera
Two women cannot also be two groups
Playing the guitar is just rephrasing playing an electric guitar.
One dog is doing an action of snuggle while the other runs these are opposite.
The sculptures may not be by a famous artist.
city is not the same as park.
Bikers who stop in town are also in the town.
Anyone could walks a top of hill doesn't necessarily to be couple
A bikder doing jumps by trees is the same as saying a biker is jumping a slope in a forest area.
Two children in hats, and they can only play in rocky field in an open area
the dog is not leaping if it is taking a nap.
PEOPLE ARE WAITING AT AN INTERSECTION,WHILE RIDING THEIR BICYCLES.
A model trying to look like a soccer player is not necessarily posing for a sports magazine.
Just because man wearing a striped top and jeans does a skateboard trick on some steps while a man who is hunched over photographs him doesn't mean it is tony hawks manager.
"Giving the ball away" suggest that the player is throwing it to another player, which can't be inferred from just knowing that the player is throwing the ball.
Carrying a load on a car is not the same as delivering them by bicycle.
All talks are not necessarily done happily.
jumping a slope outdoors in a forest area does not imply going fast
A dog cannot be eating in the kitchen while he simultaneously splashes in the water
Cheerleaders are on the field cheering is same as Cheerleaders cheering.
The group of people is "performing some kind of act", which means they are doing something.
Standing on grass by water does not imply being by a lake.
Just because a one of the firefighters is holding a helmet does not mean that they are discussing sports.
The three girls cannot be both on an amusement ride and be at home at the same time.
Not all people waiting at lights are riding their bikes to get to the gym.
One cannot be walking with a sign for John's Pizza and Gyro in the background and eating together at the same time.
A street is outside.
A woman isn't necessarily a mother. It can't be inferred that food is being bought just because the woman is at a register since Walmart sells many things and other services are offered at the register such as returns, etc.
Park is not inside.
Mars and chessboard are two different things.
Women and dogs are different.
someone cannot photograph a skateboarding kick and a wedding at the same time
People are either wearing pink and purple, or they are wearing orange vests and blue pants with a yellow stripe.
WE DON'T KNOW THAT THE MAN IS OUTSIDE.
It must be either a man or a woman doing the staring.
A woman and child are people.  Rail is a restatement of railing.
DOn;t assume the sculptures were recent
3 people include the little girl, she walks along a grass path.
Both subjects are wearing
You can not infer he is indoors.
The man watching the couple must stare to observe the couple.
A biker is one way of saying a mountain biker.
A woman is a person. Cooking is a way of making food.
Two dogs is the same as a pair of dogs and them playfully biting is a form of teasing with nibbles.
A ladybug cannot ride a bike.
One with a beard is not clean shaven.
The people cannot be running and going for a walk simultaneously.
Not every movie is very loud.
He is either sitting or brushing his teeth.
A couple are people.
A pool ring is not the only toy a little boy can swim with underwater.
The people are either holding the railing or not holding; they can't do both simultaneously.
The woman is wearing a bright pink shirt.
A woman is filling a suitcase is a simpler explanation of the scene
It's unlikely that the men are standing on grass by the water while being indoors at the same time.
Shoreline is outside.
A blue dress coat is a more specific type of coat.
One cannot play baseball and eat banana together.
You can not infer he is waiting on an opponent.
The third dog cannot eat food while he just has his tongue sticking out.
If the woman is trying to stick her foot in the fountain then it's in the air.
Pulling on a rope does not imply trying to move some equipment.
People pose for a picture, because pictures are only taken with cameras.
two men serving prepared food, shows that the food is served by the two men.
If they are outside a building, they are outside.
A dog cannot be chasing something as he swims.
Women can exercise in ways other than yoga.
If a man and woman are on a street then there are some people on a street.
Not all bikers are part of a club.
People like to stand near sculptures.
A man and a woman are two different genders.  One cannot be leading a Clydesdale while drinking tea simultaneously.
A woman is another word for a female.
A person cannot be above stairs outdoors and inside a building at the same time
show appreciation for kids who cannot walk does not imply that they were there to fund a crippled people fund
A man holds some sort of tablet towards the woman so the had to me on the same street.
in a both sentence exctied and standing is different
You can not infer they are chasing the ball.
Playing an electric guitar does not imply that one is also singing.
The bicyclists are could be riding anywhere it doesn't has to be book store
Two women are not assumed to be friends.  Having lunch does not imply that they met for the first time in 20 years and had a great time catching up.
A man doing tricks while being photographed is a man being photographed while he does a trick on his skateboard down the stairs.
A group of tourists waiting for a train must also be a at train station to depart.
The people are playing football without gear, which is a known sport, so it is inconsistent with the sentence saying that it is a "new sport."
A man is a rider.
It is the exact same sentence: a man resting on a street.
We have no idea if they are on vacation or just a weekend.
People cannot be waiting and speeding at the same time.
A trolley car is a trolley.
If a group of people is dancing, then they are most likely dancing together.
Waiting implies that they stopped.
a dog doesn't need a boy to drops a disc with
The first sentence does not mention grass, nor anything else about the surface upon which the woman is dancing.
That a man holds out a clipboard implies he wants someone to look at it.
On a beach is a description that can be left out without substantially changing the meaning.
The man and the women may be strangers and not employees at the same business.
The eatery the people are walking away from is also a restaurant.
The child is not shown to be with anyone; he may not be playing tag with friends.
The family is walking outside next to the water.
The child cannot have both a clean face and milk all over his face.
They are avoiding trees could be one way of saying a mountain biker is avoiding trees by jumping a slope outdoors.
A small child is a type of child.
three bikers implies bikers
We don't know if it is a large pile or not.
Either the woman is being checked out at a Walmart register or food makes people hungry.
If people are walking around a big city, they are outside.
If a woman is dancing, then she is not eating.
Cheerleaders and a man are different descriptions of people.
You can not infer what they are bitting.
A public fountain contains water, which is different than coffee.
Men are people.
church-goers is a group so the sentences are the same.
Although at first this may seem impossible to do without a mess, the two women could hug by holding their carryout in one hand and hugging, mess-free.
All chessboard are not wooden.
Sentence 1: Wet brown dog swims towards camera. Sentence 2: A dog is playing fetch in a pond.
They can be either jumping into the pool or climbing out of the water.
The woman is in either white or black.
People cannot perform on a stage while sleeping
he does not have to wait inside his shop
One cannot be smiling and frowning at the same time.
Being airlifted involves being moved so the man was moved.
The students can't be practicing yoga and solving equations.
a man is not a young girl
People would not have a cook off during a race
Bikes cannot be included in a car race.
The farmer would not be laying down while with a pulled wagon
There are more than one way of making jewelry in the park.
A woman who is an artist is making or sculpting clay.
A few pepople in a restaurant setting is similar to saying diners in a restaurant.
the man and the lady are two people and they are dancing.
Sits is different than jogging.
Two people dancing outdoors is a general way of saying an indian lady and a guy dancing in the sunlight.
A barber who has customers is at work.
A man can be a farmer
No all bikes waiting at lights have traffic next to them.
The children must be present to see them smiling and waving.
The doctor checks a stomach which implies that the toddler is getting a checkup.
the man is not necessarily waiting
One cannot do a piggyback ride in a cart filled to the top.
The woman does not have the sign, so they are not necessarily both working for John's Pizza.
Children are kids.  Playing with a big rock in the field is a restatement of playing in a field with a big rock.
They cannot be walking along a dirt path while at their dinner table, nor can it plays board games while walking.
There are many photographers who lare taking photos of skateboarding tricks.
Waiting implies that one is in an area. Running implies leaving an area.
The boy is sitting at people's feet, because boots and legs imply people's feet.
a man having a beard implies that he is able to grow a beard
Two men can't be two women. Walking with strollers isn't watching a motorcyclist perform.
You can not throw a broken baseball.
The town witnessed the bikers in town.
A brown dog can tread water at times other than when he swims towards shore.
A little girl behind two people means there is more than 2 people on the path.
A woman sitting in a laundromat is same as sitting in a room
In one sentence, the players are trying to grab a basketball, and in the other sentence, they are playing cards.
Grass by the water is outside.
Cheerleaders could be on the field cheering at any time during the game, it can't be inferred from sentence 1 that it is at the start of the game. Cheerleaders cheer at all games, so there is no way to infer from sentence 1 that they are cheering at the big game.
There can be more, less or equal to three bikers.
A woman can't be operating a machine and also have a child trapped in the machine.
It is implied if the man holds a clipboard and pen they are his possessions and if a woman looks at them we know she is looking.
Aprons do not have to be red.  A pot can be any color, not just black.
a boat worker securing a line tells us that he is doing something to the boat
Not all people on bicycles are waiting at intersection are trying to get to the convenience store.
The women cannot be hugging while they are sleeping.
blue and gold are not the same colors
Bikers are not a dog. A dog is not bikers.
A street and a road are the same thing.
Winter coats are different than raincoats.
An intersection is part of a street.
Sentence 1 does not indicate that the woman is holding the baby or even that there is a woman in the family.
Dogs that are fighting do not lick.
Man is taking picture of another man doing skateboarding kick flip.
Medical supplies are things
There are sculptures next to the people.
A woman is kicking her foot to touch the water.
It cannot be inferred that the man is at work.
the woman is looking up at the camera. she may not be on her cellphone.
A skateboarder is a skater.
The woman is on a foundation so she is putting her toes in water.
Women on a picnic at a park that have someone filming.
Not all soccer teams are considered skilled. Two teams competing does not mean that the game must be a championship.
There can either be a BMX  biker or anybody can do a jump over a ravine.
There is no intersection in a home.  The cyclist cannot be two places at once.
"A city filled with people," is a rephrasing of "a crowded city."
A park imples being ourdoors.
Because the man is looking at the camera does not mean he is looking at something.
Woman is person.
A boy is not considered an older man.
People on bicycles doesn't necessarily imply bike race.
A man sits in front of the computer implies that he is watching the computer screen.
If the men are having a conversation, then they would not be sleeping.
When a runner catch a runner the runner  will tag the other runner show therefore catch and tag mean the same thing.
She is either preparing or not preparing to glaze a bowl.
Sentence 1: Two children play outside in a field. Sentence 2: A brother and sister chase each other in a field.
The girl is swimming in the water.
a toddler's mouth is not the same as their stomach
Soccer games can be played at times other than the World Cup. Also occurring at sunset does not mean that the game is being played currently.
It cannot be inferred that the car crashed or that the water is a large lake.
A woman cannot dance alone and dance as part of a couple at the same time.
Bike trick is a restatement of bicycle jump trick.
There can be two people or three people.
Two men can be rephrased to people. It is implied that since they are standing outside and snow is on the ground they must be near the snow.
A man is an individual at a indoors barber shop.
A street sign could be any number of different signs, only one being a stop sign.
A man cannot be playing basketball and having a smoke at the same time.
You can only be at one place, either the beach or the mall. You cant be at both places at the same time.
It can either be people or dogs, not both
A man can't be without a shirt and wearing a blue shirt.
There is no implication that the wall has any type of decoration or is painted.
The wagon is either in a garden or on a city street.
Two professionals are people.  At work is a restatement of looking over paperwork.
the grassy ground is not the same as the edge of a fountain
The young people must not be learning about politics.
A dog zips along the beach simply means it is outside
A farmer in his garden is not the same as being in a field.
Shucking corn using a corn shucker is a way to process vegetables.
The women in dresses do not imply they are well dressed.
One must have a street to have a curb. It is implied that since he is on the curb, he is outside.
the woman is not necessarily old
If people are on a stage, they are most likely performing.
A person cnnot do a skateboarding kick flip and be taken by aliens at the same time
Sentence 1: The furry brown dog is swimming in the ocean. Sentence 2: A dog is chasing a fish.
Sentence 1: A man wearing black with a gray hat, holding a pitchfork, directs a horse-drawn cart. Sentence 2: The farmer wearing a gray hat is driving a horse-drawn cart.
A fuzzy white lap dog runs along a rocky beach is same as dog running in a beach
If the man is smiling he must be happy.
There is a man at the table playing a game of chess.
When he holds the tablet towards the woman he is showing her something.
The girls cannot be playing in a non-urban environment while running on a sidewalk at the same time.
One of the firefighters is holding a helmet in his hand.
Pulling on a rope does not imply dragging a sled behind.
Just because man and a woman are standing next to sculptures, talking while another man looks at other sculptures doesn't mean they are tall.
Sentence 1: One man sits inside and plays the banjo, there are trees behind him outside. Sentence 2: A male plays a banjo while sitting on a sofa.
The children headed home from school are also school children.
no all water is a lake
No information about watching an airplane was included.
people implies a group.
Women and exercising is repeated in both sentences.
One cannot be walking down the street while also in a theatre watching Avatar.
Not all women are waiting for a friend.
if it is a little girl then it can not be a boy.
Cheerleaders are on the field cheering it is the same as cheer on a field for an activity.
Swimming is different than speaking.
A trail does not have to be downhill.
None - all of the information can be inferred.
if bikers stop for gas the bikers have to stop to get gas
a man with facial hair is simply a man has facial hair reworded
'Nobody has food' is wrong because the woman has a banana.
Cheering is active sit is not.
In order for the dog to splash, it must be in the water.
One cannot wear a green jacket and be naked simultaneously.
if the man is checking in a 4 star hotel he is not sleeping on the grass.
Talks is different than asleep.
The children cannot be playing outside and reading at their desks simultaneously.
Sentence 1: woman and child on trolley car labeled Powell and market and bay and taylor Sentence 2: The woman is carrying her child.
Sentence 1: Closeup image of a dog swimming. Sentence 2: An underwater camera takes a photo of a puppy.
Puppies can not play while sleeping.
A woman is human a monkey is an animal.
He can use a computer while he sits at a desk.
We do not know what the man is doing at the computer desk - it may not be a project for work.
Two people are talking to woman with notepads in a office building.
fresh direct boxes are not only groceries. Just because a man is carrying boxes does not mean he is delivering them to shut-in seniors.
The family is admiring the water while being next to the water.
A group cannot point forward while they fight using tigers
A cart is either empty or filled.
Connect four is different than chess. Young man is different gender than grandma.
ladies means women.
A person cannot make hand gestures with their hands in their pockets
Man using his computer does not imply he searches the internet.
If a dog swims, then he is swimming.
fountain is in public so public water fountain is the same as public water fountain.
Many different sports teams have cheerleaders, so it can't be inferred from sentence 1 that they are cheering for a football team.
The man may be showing a petition and not his paychecks on the clipboard.
One cannot walks and sits at the same time.
Sentence 1: A yellow uniformed skier is performing a trick across a railed object. Sentence 2: A skier is competing in a competition.
His hands are merely raised to his face - we do not know that he he is covering up his face.
All group talks need not be a discussion on a project.
A dog cannot be sleeping while he swims.
The workers cannot be looking over paperwork while driving to lunch at the same time.
The little boy cannot be a little girl.
An intersection is on a road.
Not all sculptures are sculptures of people.
A person cannot do a skateboard trick and be riding a scooter at the same time
People do not dance together while fighting at the same time
One with a red and gray shirt cannot be naked.
The pastor and elders watch the choir they doesn't need to make it sure they are good
get on a train and just getting on train is the same action.
A woman walking outside explains how the woman could be walking past an outdoor movie poster.
The two adults could have been crossing the street for any number of reasons instead of trying to get away from something. The fact that the red shirted person is blurry in the foreground does not imply that he knows the man and woman let alone that he is chasing them.
A guitar is not a piano.
There are many things the men may be talking about not necessarily discussing the weather.
The man was holding a tablet towards the woman so and not eating a restaurant.
Not all women are tall.
Running and riding bikes does not imply it is to the trail.
Balancing something on the head may be for many reasons, not only for guarding herself  from the snow.
Not all carts carry groceries.
The man and the woman may be strangers and not a couple. The may be reading a document and not using the tablet to watch a video.
Music from a church choir is very different from metal band music.
The photo shows another man in the photograph taking a photograph of his own.
Not all little boys who swim underwater do so at a beach.
If the chess game is set up on the table the man is in front of, then he is in front of a set up chess game.
standing at the beach does not imply that they watch other build sand castles
one woman is at the beach chair, the other is at a water fountain
A slider can slide along or away from the rail.
The silhouette of people is being cast on a wall they are near.
Two men holds hands , walking down the street is unnecessary
In order to be on a city sidewalk the couple must be outdoors.
Sentence 1 indicates simply that the skateboarder skates in the pool, not that he necessarily grinds or that he is on the lip of the pool.
Bicycles are not movies.
Elderly is the same as old and orange juice is a beverage.
Firemen emerge outside from the station.
Not all children are girls.
A man did not steal a woman's tablet he holds out some sort of tablet towards the woman.
Sentence 1: Two female medical professionals, one african american& one white, looking over paperwork in a hospital. Sentence 2: Coworkers at at a monthly safety meeting.
A blond women is a mother and checking out a walmart register means she is at walmart
two implies more than one
To paddle across the water, one must be in a boat.
They can't be preparing for a snowball fight if they are just standing.
walking past an outdoor movie poster does not necessarily imply she is leaving a movie theatre.
People cannot await a race and be racing at the same time.
you don't know what the city is filled with, so it may not be many cars.  Also, we know it's daytime, but not that it is warm or sunny.
It doesn't say how much money there is; it may not be hundreds of dollars.
Four teenage boys are not necessarily friends and it is not implied that they are competing to see who throws the most water out of a pool.
People on bicycles cannot be sleeping at the same time.
All hot tubs are not outside.
A little boy can either be chasing a dog, or be swimming underwater.
A man on the sidewalk with his bike is standing.
if two older men in winter coats are talking outside then the two old men in winter coats are talking outside
A red shirt with gray sleeves is not the same as a swimsuit.
An older gentleman could enjoy anything at new cafe it doesn't has to be orange juice
a woman is standing. not nobody
woman in white implies that she is wearing white.
"A man looks at the camera" is a synonym of " a man is looking at his webcam"
Taking a photograph does not imply it is to get the perfect picture or that it is for a magazine.
two men are talking does not mean they are exchanging ideas they could be discussing about sports.
We have no idea if they are searching for weapons they could be doing anything.
the dog may not necessarily be brown and white
A hole and slope are not the same thing.
Dogs racing down the beach must be outside, as the beach is outside.
Discussing lecture is different than running.
A light is outside.
People can walk places that are not home. Just because someone is holding an umbrella doesn't mean it's raining.
A biker rides bikes. Bikers are people. People have bikes.
The man cannot have wild hair if he is bald. The man cannot play guitar and drums simultaneously.
Camera crew filming does not imply someone is operating a microphone.
Many people are a group of people.  A yard is outside.
The fact that people are walking across the street doesn't imply that there are full of people and they are bustling with noise and activity.
Sentence 1 doesn't indicate that the small girl is swimming in a pool.
Not every suitcase is a box.
One is not usually flashing a giant smile while watching tv.
The woman looking at a pink car does not mean that she must be wondering about it. A pink car does not mean that the car must be her car.
A woman talks to people in a another indoor office building.
Snow covered grass would be outside, men would drink coffee and have cookies inside.
One cannot drink out of a water fountain while reading a book on a bench.
There can either be a gentleman or a woman.
Eating does not imply that the woman is hungry.
It said walking and a dirt path, not driving a car on the freeway.
If the couple strolls, they must not be having dinner at a restaurant.
The people are either on skateboards or bicycles.
He may just be sitting. It is unlikely he is waiting for someone to fix his scooter.
pulling on a rope means pulling on a rope
If it says they are all standing, then it cannot be true that nobody is standing.
The man may be showing a document and not a funny video on the tablet.
A man and woman walk , a big city is unnecessary
Gray hair and blonde hair are different hair colors.
The men are either in coats or never wore the coats.
Cyclists cannot be immobile waiting and in motion riding simultaneously.  There are no intersections on a freeway.
Not all races are olympic, and not all people in that clothing are runners.
The brown dog must be either treading through water or sleeping next to the water.
A dog could be running along the beach for many reasons besides chasing birds.
The boy wearing brown pants does not mean that he likes the color brown necessarily.
Children soccer game implies that children are playing soccer.   While the sun sets denotes that this activity is done while the sun is setting.
Sentence 1 does not indicate the family is trying not to fall in the water, simply that they are walking next to it.
The same woman crossing the street with the banana is being followed by the man trailing behind her.
If people are paying attention to a speaker, it is implied they are listening to a speaker.
you can't put your foot in a fountain while riding a train
People can be working out in other ways beside yoga.
Hugging one another is the same as showing affection.
If there are players in the background then they are in a field.
Child had milk all over his face it's another way of saying child with milk all over his face.
Not all strands of beads are multi-colored.
The man can't be in the rain if he's sitting in front of a desk.
A man can rest on a street without sitting.
A doctor and his assistants can operate without a child being present or happy.
A red shirt is not black.
It can either be a man or a woman skateboarding, not both
No all bicyclists are in a race.
Many cities are very large and not just New York City.
If the man is actively swimming, he is not pointing and smiling.
A dog is being attacked by two other dogs.
An event is a special  occasion so all event is a special event.
If the man dances with a fire baton it is the same as dancing.
Putting people in a dangerous area is not airlifting them to safety.
The dog is in the air, whether by leaping or other means.
A woman can't have a black outfit and be dressed in green.
The people's profession and relationship is not implied simply because they are walking together. It is now known that the woman is an actress and the man following her is her favorite assistant.
A person cannot take a photograph and go down a water slide at the same time
Hugging does not imply being vacation.
A person looking for medical supplies may not need them for work.
If a skier is performing a trick, then they are engaging in winter sports.
The first sentence does not mention that she is wearing a gown, that she is holding shoes in her hands, or that this is the Buckingham Fountain.
The man can't be sitting inside and playing outside at the same time.
A dog running along a shoreline does not necessarily mean he is running with his owner.
People like to stand next to sculptures.
Doing cannonballs and eating pizza are different actions. A swimming pool and a restaurant are different locations.
at the beach does not necessarily imply overlooking the ocean
Intersections cannot be made a waiting area.
The boy is a male and water comes from a fountain.
The locations are inconsistent. In one, the people are reaching for a falling ball, while in the other, they are in a coffeeshop.
A man and a woman with a child are not necessarily its mom and dad. A man, woman, and child at a beach are not necessarily on summer vacation.
On a brick wall is a restatement of a brick wall painted with.
Sentence 1: A person on skis on a rail at night. Sentence 2: They are fantastic skiiers
Cheerleaders are people, fields are outdoors.
A sleeping dog does not zips.
The man may just want to women to read something on the clipboard and not to sign something.
one woman is alone, the other is with someone dancing
Not all photographers are professional.
With bikes is a restatement of on bikes.
The men must be barefoot on the lawn interested to be barefoot men playing on a lawn.
The man is looking at the camera.
Just because a bicyclists is waiting at an intersection doesn't imply that they are on a sidewalk.
Chess is a board game and one who playing by himself is another way to say he is playing alone.
making hand gestures  shows that people are next to each other.
A motorcyclist can perform in races other than the annual race.
If you are a skiier you are skiing, if you are a skateboard you are a skateboard.
If a woman wears a costume an marches with a large drum, she plays in a band.
Sentence 1: A skier slides along a metal rail. Sentence 2: A skier is near the rail looking down.
If he sits behind a chessboard, it is known that he is sitting.
A person who is waiting is not necessarily talking. Not all sidewalks are near a bustop.
Hopefully, there are no deep ponds inside of a shop.
A saddle bronc riders rides a horse, not a motorcycle
Taking a snooze is different than sitting down.
You cannot simultaneously look at sculptures and a swimming pool
People waiting on a train are not necessarily sitting.
Sentence 1: A big brown dog swims towards the camera. Sentence 2: A photographer is taking pictures of a dog.
Dances with a fire baton does not imply that a crowd cheers.
A man and a woman is not the same as two men.  Walking and playing catch is different.
The station can be either empty or with firemen inside.
High fashion ladies do care about what they wear, always making sure their clothes are up to date.
Drinking orange juice at a cafe is not the same as drinking apple juice at a bar.  Two different drinks, two different locales.
A woman can't be packing and unpacking at the same time.
The man and woman are a couple.
A boy is swimming underwater.
"A young girl sitting at a table with a bowl on her head" is a form of "A young girl has a bowl on her head"
you can't crouch at the edge of a fountain while walking
the man can't be wearing a red shirt while also wearing a blue shirt.
Flashing a giant smile does not necessarily imply someone is very happy.
If a man is wearing a gray hat, then he is with the gray hat.  If a man  is holding a pitchfork, then he is with a pitchfork.  "Directing the cart" is a less detailed restatement of "directs a horse-drawn cart."
A person cannot be running with a bike and driving cars at the same time
Modeling appliances cannot be inferred just from knowing a woman is in a laundromat and looking at a camera.
little boy is a young child.
Sentence 1 indicates that the couple appear Indian or Pakistani, not that the couple is definitely Indian. Also, just because the father is wrapped in a blanket with the logo of a humanitarian organization does not necessarily imply that the couple is seeking refuge from that organization.
others implies a group.
Two is different than three.
man and woman are people.
A dog and a seagull are different animals.
It is not necessarily true that the kids tries to break from school.
The man shows the woman something on the clipboard not the woman.
One can't be swiming underwater and float on top of it simultaneously.
People imply more than one person.
A woman looking seriously has a serious face.
Standing means the man is not sleeping.
The something with writing on it is a Save The Children's side.
As one skates they cannot also swim.
The topics of the day in a classroom setting are included in the lecture.
A small white dog running on a pebble covered beach. is just as dog running in the beach
If the person skiis, then a person is on skis.
Sentence 1: A blond man is drinking from a public fountain. Sentence 2: The man is very thirsty.
A woman talks to two other people with notepads in a different office building.
A man in a straw hat and overalls doesn't necessary to walking with his horse up a country road
The skier would have to be near the rail to slide along the metal rail.
People like to stand next to sculptures.
The man and woman are looking at something on a clipboard.
Just because the boy is jumping on a skateboard does not imply he is wearing safety equipment
A dog could be running on a beach for many reasons. Running after a boy and frisbee add a lot more context and can't be inferred just from knowing that the dog is running. "Running after" is more specific than "running".
Sculptures are not the same thing as a painting and sculptures are usually not found at a school fair.
The fact that the boy locked the cycle and went away does not imply that a bicycle chained up with a boy walking away.
Not every skier is in a competition.
One can listen to one's iPod without headphones.
Sentence 1 does not indicate that the referenced water is a lake.
A man is a guy. Someone playing guitar center stage means that person stands on stage. The guitar someone plays is his guitar.
If someone is playing the guitar, it is implied that they know how to play guitar.
A woman is not a child.
Teenage boys are young men. Cannonballs are splashing a lot of water.
A man stopping to have a smoke is not necessarily lighting a cigarette; it could already be lit, or he could be smoking something else.
We can't infer sne is there to make coconut milk.
jumping a slope outdoors in a forest area does not mean the person is trying to learn new tricks on their bike.
the boy may be sitting but it does not say he eats a sandwich.
tied to a sign implies that  tied to a street sign.
The individuals walking away from the restaurant had no particular destination. Now it is clear that they are going home. The restaurant could have been any type of food. It was not clear what time of day the meal took place but dinner implies evening.
one cannot have coffee and banana at the same time.
The man can be sitting in the barber ship without waiting to get a haircut - he could be the barber.
three people can not be standing in front of a wall and also running down a country road.
it is not necessarily true the man drinks his juice
one female and one male implies that they are both male and female.
There are women talking on notepads in an office building.
the people are not necessarily a couple
A man and a woman are standing next to sculptures, talking are not necessarily happily standing.
A man and a woman are two separate genders.  A person cannot be hitching something while he directs.  A horse-drawn cart already has a horse attached, so you cannot attach a horse to a cart simultaneously.
Just because there are two people doesn't imply the people are a man and a woman. All people making hand gestures are not communicating through sign language.
Just because people are dancing does not imply they are dancing with one another during a religious ritual.
There are either three or five bikers.
People can stretch on yoga mats in places other than outside as well.
Not all bicycles are mountain bikes.
middle-aged and middle aged are both equally correct ways of conveying the same message
The baby is playing with an item.
The grass in the background implies the men are outside.
Just because the woman is preparing to glaze a bowl does not not mean that she is doing it happily.
Just because a woman looks up at a camera doesn't imply that she smiles.
That a man shows something on a clipboard to someone implies that both are looking at the clipboard. A man and a woman are two people.
Walking across the street is the same to walk across the street.
man, woman and child are three people who are related so they are family of three.
Not all plastic dinosaurs are waterproof.
One can't be walking and running at the same time.
In order to be close to the floor, the lady must be kneeling.
A woman wearing an apron puts a pot on a table.
If a dog swims, then he is in the water.
The first sentence does not say that they are running - simply that they are playing.  A non-urban environment does not necessarily imply an open field.
To stop does not imply taking a rest.
It is in their nature for a couple to dance.
The Lone Ranger is a man, not a little boy.
The soccer team may not be about to win; many games end in ties.
Are on bikes is a restatement of on bikes.
Eatery is a completely different activity than boarding a train.
A person rides a bike outdoors is one general way of saying a biker is jumping a slope outdoors.
To run a marathon, the woman must be outdoors.
Paddling across the water in a makeshift boat does not imply one is boating in a pond.
The woman cannot be wearing both a pink hat and a grocery bag.
A crowd is more than two men.
The two dogs that playfully bite a third dog may not be puppies, and the third dog may not be their mother..
Not all cheerleaders doing a cheer at a football field wear black and red uniforms.
the little girl can not follows two guys if she is riding a horse.
One cannot be walking by a sign for John's Pizza and Gyro and protesting outside the capital simultaneously.
Group of young women strolling on the sidewalk haven't won the first prize.
A suitcase is a luggage carrier.
If a boy is walking away he went away.
The nearest firefighter is either holding an axe or holding a helmet
Cheering and running are two different things.
The man is standing on a cart filled to the top.
Sentence 1 does not indicate that the path is in a forest or that the water is a pond.
A man can smoke something besides a cigarette.
A white brick town is outdoors.
Not all train stops are outside.
Either a man or a woman. Cannot be painting and making a clay pot simultaneously.
Just because a man and woman walk together doesn't mean they are a newlywed couple. Holding hands doesn't imply they skip and hold hands.
Sentence 1 does not indicate the family is a group of cousins, does not indicate that the walk is a hike (typically more strenuous), does not indicate that the dirt path is an established trail, and does not indicate that the water is a stream.
The couple is walking
If there is a man on a street then it's implied the man is standing on the street.
The guy cannot be doing a jump trick and skating trick at the same time.
a broken down airplane is outdoors
A couple cannot be watching TV while in a hot tub simultaneously
An intersection is outside.
Not all races are for charity.
the baby cant be playing with beads while sleeping.
Watching and observing have the same meaning.
dog park is not the only place for puppies to play
A man cannot be sitting on a motorcycle and playing with his cat simultaneously.
People should not be eating and dancing at the same time.
A person is waiting while the light is green they doesn't need to be on bike
three bikers constitutes a group of bikers
The tablet may be off and not on.
We only know that someone is drinking orange juice, we do not know that they are eating omelettes
The post is outside therefore the bike is outside.
if the man is drinking in a pub he can not lies on a patch of grass.
One cannot cross the street and be standing still on the curb simultaneously.
The tablet may not be a cell phone.
A city that is busy has a lot of people in it.
the woman is not necessarily eager
The adults walking across the street did, in fact, walk across the street.
Pulling on a rope does not imply trying to pull a car out of a lake.
Scrabble is different than chessboard.
A man cannot be sitting on a car and scooter at the same time. A man cannot be smoking and drinking a beer simultaneously.
On their bikes is a restatement of on bikes.
Cheerleaders can cheer on a field at any point in a game, not only while they are waiting for the game to begin.
a horse race is a different activity from a horse pulling a cart.
Something on a clipboard is something.
the dog can not be running up stairs at home and along a rocky shoreline.
A man cannot be doing a nose wheelie and standing beside a motorcycle at the same time.
Sprayed and drink are two different things.
Pulling on a rope does not imply competing in a rope pulling contest.
Sentence 1: A skier in electric green on the edge of a ramp made of metal bars. Sentence 2: The skier was on the edge of the ramp.
One cannot skateboard and roller blade at the same time. One cannot go down a ramp and the stairs at the same time.
The first sentence does not say that they are playing with the big rock, simply that they are in a field with a rock.  The first sentence does not mention anything about family.
A woman and a man with a sign can be walking anywhere, not just on a crowded city street.
The woman's actions to not imply any personal information about her. Now it is known that she is a seductress.
Just because a dog is leaping doesn't mean he is catching a frisbee.
Just because people are outside does not mean they are on lunch break.
if it is a young woman then it can not be a young man.
Just because a woman is wearing a jacket with a hood does not mean she is cold.
One sentence says two men are reaching for a basketball, but the second sentence says that two women are reaching for a basketball.
"The woman in green and pink is dancing" shows that " she is is dancing with someone wearing a blue top with white pants"
Old Men wouldn't be playing soccer at a children's soccer Game
Not all baskets are full of food and a family cookout is not implied.
Man and woman are of different gender.
She is a synonym for lady.
People taking in an office building with large windows does not imply they are indoors and they need not talk about lunch.
A woman is a person.
Men and women are people.
The children cannot play in a field and be eating lunch at home simultaneously.
A man can't be sitting on a curb and relaxing at a bar at the same time.
If the man has a beard and is pulling on a rope, it is likely he is the same bearded man pulling the rope.
in a wheelchair does not mean handicapped
The firemen walking look exhausted.
A man cannot be female, nor would he be referred to as she. Modeling for a cooking show would look very different than modeling as a soccer player.
A Clydesdale is a horse.  A hay road within an Old Country would be a country road.
Horse pulled horse wagons.
If a man is watching another man he is not watching a woman.
The two men can either be preparing food or riding bikes.
if the woman is blond then she can not be brunette.
Nothing in Sentence 1 indicates that the baby is the son of the woman or man.
There can be less than, more than or equal to three bikers.  Bikers either stop or don't stop in town.
A forest and a desert are two different locations.
Not all races start with the pistol.
A man squatting while taking a photograph of a man doing a skateboarding kick photographs a skateboarder doing tricks.
All people performing are not singing.
One cannot be walking with a sign for John's Pizza and Gyro in the background and sitting down with a sign in his arms.
A woman cannot run in her backyard and at the park simultaneously
walking with a sign for John's Pizza and Gyro implies that man is advertising for a restaurant.
People can't do yoga and sleep.
Just because a couple is dancing does not mean that it is in a competition.
The fact that the female and male are leaving an eatery does not mean that they are related. Related implies a familial relationship.
jumping on skateboard is the same as doing trick on skateboard.
That a man shows a woman something implies he has something to tell the woman.
Cannot be wiating to race and racing at the same time
If bikers stop they are not going 100 mph.
It is either a view of buildings and people or a field of poppies.
A man cannot be racing in a parked vehicle.
the man is not necessarily in the park
People running with a bike and one riding a bike in back are a person running next to their bike with the person riding their bike behind them.
There cannot be an empty field while there are cheerleaders on it.
Cars do not necessarily stop when bikers stop.
Pulling a rope is different than pulling a car.
A dog and a cat are two different animals.  An animal cannot be swimming while it takes a bath.
Staring does not imply being jealous.
A biker would be riding a bike, not a bobsled.
" woman putting her foot into a water fountain" is a rephrasing of " A person is dipping her foot into water"
It is impossible to infer that the cheerleaders are specifically Dallas Cowboys' cheerleaders without this extra information added, since there are many different sports teams that have cheerleaders. Cheerleaders could be cheering at a practice, not specifically at a game, so "pump-up the crowd" gives more context, such as there being a large crowd and the setting being a game, that is not otherwise included.
That a man shows a woman something implies that there is both a man and a woman.
if it is a woman then it cant be a man.
Being in clothing is the same as wearing clothing.
You cannot be standing and sitting at the same time
Not everyone in a race necessarily wants to win first prize.
An intersection is a road.
A nose wheelie is a type of wheelie.
A woman with two other women and a man does not make a group of three and just because they are having notepads does not imply they are taking notes.
A man looking up doesn't imply he is looking up at a dog.
A large group doesn't necessarily mean the people in the group are raising money.
Sitting in front of a desk holding a computer doesn't imply that he is buying it. A computer may not be a laptop.
A woman can be working or sitting on a couch.
men in coats are outside
Jumping jacks are not done while kneeling.
You can not infer they are waiting for a car.
Cannot be walking around and asleep at the same time.
There are three dogs biting and licking each other.
She may not be going on a trip, just packing for someone else.
"A dog" is a less detailed restatement of a "big brown dog."
A dog cannot be swimming and running simultaneously.
The ravine might be small; we can't say it is never easy.
walking with a sign means they are outdoors.
If they are waiting at a train stop, they cannot be walking around an art museum.
Not all dancers dance together.
There can be married couple or woman.
the people gathered around the conference table are young
A large group can be called a crowd. Gesticulates is the same as wave.
Two people constitutes a couple of people
Woman in white in foreground implies that woman is in white.
A man does not have to be one of the two people.
other sculptures implies there are more than 1 sculpture
The car sinking in water is the same as flooding.
About to throw does not necessarily imply throwing a ball.
One older man cannot be described as two women. Orange juice cannot be wine.
The doctor could be an old man and he has to talk to be assisted by the two men and the woman.
Not all man has son.
The little boy is swimming underwater so he would indeed be underwater.
the person is not necessarily training his horse
A gentleman is a type of man.
It is not obvious from leaning against a post that the bike has a flat tire.
People listening to a choir, who is singing in mass of a Catholic church.
A woman having multiple children does not mean that she definitely has three children.
A trolley car and a subway train are different forms of transportation.
Here people are Cheerleaders cheering in the field
The man is showing the woman something on the clipboard not drinking coffee.
Three and two are different numbers. Laying and racing are two different things.
The woman cannot be checked out at Walmart and standing at the counter at Target.
They are not shown to be playing lawn darts.
A man and woman look at sculptures at the museum.
Practicing implies class is in progress.
A person can be man or woman.
A moutain biker jumping and a biker jumping is the same action.
There are no stoplights on a boat.
A child cannot be napping while he plays.
Two people having a conversation is one way of explaining two older men are talking.
You can not infer it's their boss.
People wear colorful clothes before the beginning of a race.
runners have to wait before the beginning of a race.
Just because they are smiling and waving at a camera does not imply their parents or anyone is anyone behind it
You can not infer she runs.
If the children are going home and they cannot still be in library.
Toddler is misspelled as toddle. This may be a routine check-up, and we do not know that the toddler may be sick.
The location is either a party or conference table.
The two men cannot be simultaneously barefoot and wearing sandles.
You can not infer he is working.
A man usually lay down when they sleep.
The three girls appear in both sentences whatever they happen to be doing
It is either a man or woman.
The two mean can serve and prepare food without wearing aprons.
There is a woman who is talking in a room has on a red shirt.
A woman in costume marching with a large drum is not necessary part of a "highschool homcoming" marching band.
Water is what a public fountain contains.
await the beginning of a race is a rephrasing of waiting for a race
the cheerleader can not be being killed while cheering on the field.
The coffee shop was never described as small
Time Square is a city in New York.
A bearded man is simply a man with a beard reworded
Just because Two older men in coats are standing outside doesn't mean it is cold.
wearing uniform and trying to reach the descending ball does not necessarily imply that they are playing a match
Holds out a clipboard is different than takes off his shirt.
The man cannot be walking as he sits and reads simultaneously.
Sentence 1: A woman and a child holding on to the railing while on trolley. Sentence 2: The people are on a trolley in san Francisco.
One cannot be walking and Olympic swimming at the same time.
A boy in a pool holds his plastic dinosaur toy.
A man and woman are different genders.
A man cannot be resting and jogging at the same time.
You cannot infer that a dog is chasing a ball just from "a dog zips".
A couple means more than a man.
People has to do stretching to be stretched.
The couple can either be walking down a street or sitting at side of road, not both simultaneously.
If a skier is wearing electric green, then they are brightly dressed.  It is logical that a skier slid down down something.  A ramp is found at a race course.
The family cannot simultaneously be playing in the tide and sitting down to dinner
The small child can't be playing video games while he also plays at the park.
It cannot be inferred that the woman and man are coworkers.
The woman cannot walk past and also be cleaning up.
there is no indication that the biker is a mountain biker
The cart does not necessarily have to be filled with goods, as it could be empty.
Just because people are dancing doesn't imply the people dancing together are man and woman.
Only one person can be in danger it doesn't have to be multiple people.
A man is  a male.  Sitting indoors is a restatement of sits inside.
If it's a man, it can't be a woman.
A "young girl" may not be a toddler.  We only know from the first sentence that she has a bowl on her head, not that the bowl contained spaghetti, or that its contents were dumped.
The crew is a renaming of the clean up crew.
One must be outside to be behind a line of trees. One must play to compete.
Smiling widely does not imply she found money on the ground.
The bike cannot be both leaning against a post and on the ground at once.
"Man is wearing a shirt" is a rephrasing of "man in a shirt".
in order for soccer teams to compete it is assumed they are playing a soccer game.
Rope and beard are two different things to be pulling at the same time.
A man holds out some sort of tablet towards the woman, he doesn't handover a cell phone.
Smiling widely is not done while running from a dog.
If a dog drops something, he cannot catch it at the same time.  A disc and a ball are two different objects.
A man and woman are holding hands as they walk.
Not all people sleeping on the grass are homeless.
Children are kids.  A field is outdoors.
Two people dancing in the sunlight does not imply a band performs.
If they are going down a path, the girl and two guys are outside.
Not all health department workers wear red shirts. It can't be assumed someone standing on top of a attached cart filled to the top is a produce worker.
The group of women must be strolling in dresses because they are strolling on a sidewalk.
People wear orange vests before the beginning of a race.
A woman is preparing to use glaze.
A man watches another man who is standing on a cart.
walking with a sign for John's Pizza and Gyro means that they are walking with a sign.
Just because a boat worker is securing the line does not mean he is working hard.
It is not possible to play in the filed and not play simultaneously.
skateboard trick shows that skateboarding
If someone is going to throw they are throwing
People being on a street implies that they are outdoors.
The person holding a boombox cannot be both a man and a woman.
Not all bikers ride Harley's.
Not all men are Caucasian.
There is a brown dog who treads through water in each sentence whatever else he my be doing or feeling.
A man is a person and is therefore looking up.
Just because the dog splashes in the water doesn't mean it is swimming by itself.
Sentence 1 is missing Tony Hawk skateboarding.
Toting means carrying. Boxes are packages. Someone in the city streets is in an urban setting.
It can't be assumed someone is outside.
Sentence 1 is missing flower pot
A motorcyclist is a man, a nose wheelie is a wheelie
Two people can't pose for the camera and yell.
A small girl is not the same as a fat girl.
Two ladies are some women.
Kids who can not walk are crippled people.
THE BICYCLIST IS EITHER SITTING DOWN HAVING LUNCH OR WAITING AT AN INTERSECTION.
We don't know if the milk was spilled or poured on purpose.
'J.P. Morgan Chase held a track event' is a rephrasing of 'A track event held by J.P. Morgan Chase'.
"Ravine jumping" is a rephrasing of "jumps over a ravine."
People cross at an intersection.
If the woman is running and the men are trying to catch up, it is implied they are also running so all the people in the group are running.
A man can be either  shucking corn or boiling a pot of corn.
One can either be walking across the street or running across the street.
A boy who is sitting isn't necessarily sitting on the ground. Not all pictures are a family picture.
A woman cannot be marching with a large drum and driving a bus at the same time.
The man may just be looking for a signature and not teaching.
One cannot be securing line while swimming.
A person can fill a suitcase without it being for a trip.
For a man to be standing on top of a filled cart, the cart must be full.
A woman who stands behind a grill outside with a blue basket of food in her hands is a woman standing behind a grill outside with a blue basket of food in her hands.
Just because a man has wild hair doesn't mean he is crazy looking.
People are in mass  they doesn't need to be in communion
Car and truck are two different vehicles.  when a vehicle is on road it can't be sinking in water.
All ladies kneeling are not kneeling before the priest at church.
A young man isn't girls. Waiting with others isn't climbing a tree.
just because they are walking does not mean that they are walking home
You can not infer they are in history class.
People talks with each other with notepads in a large windowed office.
The woman is eating the banana while she walks across the street.
Both sentences mention a couple in a hot tub.
The clipboard may have just a picture on it and no writting.
Just because a woman is running in a marathon doesn't imply she is running fast.
The man and woman could have been strangers instead of friends.
The family cannot walk along a dirt path while it swims in the water.
The woman must be at either Walmart or Target, but not both.
Slowing down does not mean bikers will stop.
A girl is running on the trail is a simpler explanation of the scene
Frisbee is not the only method of playing.
A woman is not necessarily ordering pizza if she is walking in front of a man with a sign for a pizza store.
A man cannot be sitting on a motorcycle and driving his car simultaneously.
Not all bikes are considered motorcycles. Not all people using bikes wear helmets and protective jackets.
Not all exhausted firemen who are walking are going back to the fire station to rest.
A yard and a living room are different locations.
Both sentences mention people dancing.
You can not infer it's a human.
Jogging a kind of running.
People can't stretch on yoga mats and bikes.
the cheerleaders ca not be on a basketball arena and also a football field.
If someone walks they are walking
The city either looks like NYC or Lawrence, KS. It cannot resemble two such different cities.
No details were known about the red shirted person in the foreground. Now it is known they are a convicted prisoner.
The females can't be reading through binders while also watching a movie at the same time.
"Swimming" is a less detailed restatement of "swimming in the ocean."
It is either a white bike or a car.
The man would not be standing if he is sleeping.
The event cannot simultaneously have security and have no security
waiting to get on a train or just getting off is a rephrase of waiting on a train.
cheering  doesn't always mean  wearing blue
another woman rows a boat is simply another lady is rowing reworded
There are more than one ways to fall.
Either the lady is holding the flowers or the three guys are.
there are onlookers. not no one.
A Land Rover is a car. A deep bond is water.
Walking across the street is the same as saying someone crosses a street.
Sentence 1: A man in the distance is walking past a brick wall painted with words and graffiti. Sentence 2: A man walks away from a wall he has defaced.
women can eat ice cream or banana.
We don't know if he's giving directions or not.
It's unlikely that one would be eating ice cream while also running with a bike or riding one, especially while in a mall.
Toddler and child are equivalent as part of the activity on the playground.
Not all merchants wear red shirts. Not all coworkers are assistants. It can't be assumed someone is trying to determine how many products are in their cart by their position on top of a attached cart filled to the top.
The town or city can not be described as being built of white brick, then as being built of brown brick.  It can be one color or the other, or a mix of bricks.
A man was in a bright green shirt. And the is a man and a woman.
Not all men are helmet-less.
That people are on a street implies that they are outside.
A man sitting on a motorcycle on the sidewalk is not necessarily driving away.
It cannot be inferred that the children are walking or that it is afternoon.
Baseball and football are different games.
It must be either a litte girl or a little boy playing on the ropes at the park.  The little child cannot be wearing both red pants and brown pants.
One cannot be in the middle of a bridge if they are on the sidewalk.
You can not infer he can play well.
Cheerleaders are people.
The people are posing for a save the children add.
A Ford driver is racing on a gravel track.
Not all couples are married.
If a man is standing on top of a cart he does not eat octopus.
one man is at the zoo, the other is at a desk
A man holds a tablet towards a woman. The woman didn't show a person a cell phone.
If a man is smoking and sitting on scooter, it must be parked.
"A man is wearing blue " is a simpler explanation of the scene.
There would be either people or A athlete.
Not all people on bicycles are stopped at a junction.
He is either waiting or closing the store.
Just because two women are hugging does not mean they are sisters or they are in a crowded diner.
One must be riding a bucking horse to be bucked on a horse.
If they the bikers are jumping a slope outdoors, then they would have to be on bikes.
Three bikers does not imply riding in a pack.
The cart is filled.
A briefcase could have many uses but this briefcase is specifically for work.
The runner sliding into a base was not described as the games winning play
A little league team would not be on Saturn
a man with beard sits and waiting with a computer
You do not have to be a man to race a vehicle.  Not all Ford vehicle's are trucks.
A woman and man walking next to each other do not need to be related but now it is known that they are a married couple.
A crowded city cannot be abandoned.
A man playing chess does not imply two men are involved in playing.
A soccer game cannot be played by no one.
People going for a long walk to the mountains are not necessarily in a big group.
You have to be outside to be walking across the street.
Not all wagons are outdoors.
A horse is an animal, a horse must  be walking when pulling a cart.
Not everyone taking a drink from a water fountain is the sculptor. Not all sculptures shaped like a woman look like a girlfriend.
pulls on a rope is simply pulling on a rope reworded
"Save the Children" and UNICEF are not the same organization.
A game played dusk does not mean that the people are playing currently. A perfectly manicured field does not mean that the soccer match must be for a competition.
The two woman in this picture is snashot of their activities while having lunch and saying goodbye.
A snowboarder and skier are two different types of people.  Someone cannot be performing a trick and riding on something simultaneously.
People posing for a photo are not necessarily family members.
